Fresh, organic lemon juice! I drink two teaspoons every morning with I teaspoon sole water(salt) in water for morning detox and it’s great, so healthy! Thanks for keeping this in stock!
Good tasting. Fresh. Convenient. A good staple that I always have on hand.
It has been out for a while, I am hoping it is not gone for good.
Glad you offer this but BRING BACK THE SANTA CRUZ CONCORD GRAPE JUICE PLEASE
Concord grape juice is soooo good for your heart and overall health
Your Wegmans version is white and concord and not as tasty
You used to carry the Santa Cruz organic Concord grape - why did you stop- it was always sold old so people bought it
Now I have to go to Giant to get it!
Fresh, organic juice! I drink two teaspoons of either the Santa Cruz lemon or lime juice every morning with I teaspoon sole water (salt) in water for morning detox and it’s great, so healthy! Thanks for keeping this in stock!
Look no further, this is the BEST price in Cherry Hill, Pennsauken, Cinnaminson, & ALL surrounding areas!
Pros:
•Not syrupy in taste
•Bottled in glass
•Made in USA from US apples
•No additives
•Not from concentrate
•Unique taste

Cons:
•Too expensive at Wegmans, it is $3.99 at Target
•Website states there is a trace of BPA in lid lining
Very fresh, crisp, without the syrupy taste so many apple juices have.
Excellent flavor and from the USA. Yes, it costs more but once you taste it, you see why. To save money, just have a little less and savor it.
We love the fullforce pulp, but too often it's hard to find.
Cannot find in Wegmans Eastway.. Where is it available?
This is hands down the best lemon juice money can buy aside from getting fresh lemons. It is so convenient to have a back-up stored in your freezer. However, Wegmans is very frequently out of stock on this item (50% of the time I want to buy it). Please stock more!!
Usually the amount of pulp is just right...like home squeezed juice.  This had way to much!
They were badly bruised and unacceptable.  Very surprised at the quality. I would like a refund
I get bananas every week.  These asre fabulous
Wegman's bananas are never over ripe or bruised, the bananas Wegmans buyes are shipped green and Wegmans finishes the ripening in an controlled atmosphere so wegmans bananas are all way put out to customers at the peek of ripeness. Love them.
Their bananas taste better than the ones I get in Brooklyn. The peel is thicker, and the fruit is sweeter.
I still can't believe these are so cheap! Great price for bananas.
Wegmans is the best supermarket of all. Great prices and good staff. The best bananas of all
Your bananas have the best taste!  I have eaten bananas from different stores and yours are the best!
Generall good. Purchase green because they ripen fast. Great price all the time.
You can get one ready to eat and then a few to come to ripe in a day or two . The best choices.
The bananas at Wegmans are usually fresher and with less bruising at Wegmans than at any other store in the Cicero/Clay area. Tip: Buy them green because they typically don't last very long.
Usually a bit green on the shelf, perfect when home. They're just bananas though so look them over for bruises etc before taking them home.
Very sad ☹ I’ve been buying bananas from Wegmans, Montvale, NJ every week  since it opened. They’re usually good. However, the last bunch I bought on 9/3  Labor Day was terrible. They looked perfect on the outside. But, when I took one to eat that day, I noticed the tip of the banana was soft. I peeled the banana and saw that about an inch from the tip was rotten. I figure it was just an exception.  I cut off the tip and ate the rest. It was ok I guess. On the next day, I was going to make smoothies. I noticed another 4 out of the bunch also have soft tips. Guess what? I peel them and noticed every one of them was more than an inch rotten from the tip! It ruined my appetite. Lesson learned: feel the tip of the bananas before buying. That’s one thing I never needed to do in the past. Very disappointed the recent quality control
They taste like bananas!
Om nom nom. Cheap, and reliably delicious!
Delicious!
Tops Markets vs Wegmans Bananas
Tops last longer
Tops do not have pre-bruises

You cannot tell right away that Wegmans banamas have bruises, but after a day or two they start getting spotty. I do not have this experience with bananas from Tops Markets. I buy all my food from Wegmans and I make a special trip to Tops just for the bananas. 

Today, I just ate a banana I bought from Wegmans yesterday. (Didn't have time to go to Tops) It was green when I bought it. But then today, it was green and browning. Only Wegmans bananas...

I have a feeling Wegmans does not ship them correctly or maybe just handle them correctly and that is why they show their bruises so fast.

I am also wondering if they do not store them at the warehouse correctly or store them correctly when they are in the truck. (Thinking temperature)

I'm not a storage or shipping expert, so I can only speculate..... But something is not right.....
I used to buy bananas here all of the time, but recently they get worse and worse. I do everything to get rid of the grey/green color but it doesn’t go away. Then when I go to eat one it’s disgusting.
The bananas are simply imported from poor distributors. It seems like they cut the bananas way too early off the tree and they never reach their full potential. Every time I buy bananas they turn a strange green/yellow/grey hue after a few days and never truly ripen to that bright yellow. This leaves them tasting dull, mealy, and have a strange core. Disappointing – please look into your distributors practices.
The past few bunches of bananas I have bought have been brown on the inside.  One bunch even had a black, hard core in the center of the ripe banana.
Have bananas mutated? Since they're imported I don't know when the good season is, but the past year 2015/16, these have gotten worse and worse -- so bad that I stopped buying them.

Buying them green often results in them ripening to a mealy dry interior
and then gong bad. Buying them yellow means they last just a day and still don't taste great.
Wegmans produce – especially their bananas – are always of great quality. We buy them every week.
I always buy them green so they take some time to ripen. Never had any problems.
I like em
Banana was way to soft and tasted like a bucket of apples
Great price! I get a case each time I am there. Awesome value!
Wow! These bananas are so much like what I'd expect! They're yellow! And they are bananas! Good job Wegmans!
Yes, there probably is a better banana somewhere! But I don't know where, (most likely in the tropics where they're picked ripe off the tree) and I don't know how much it would cost to get there... Wegmans' bananas at 49 Cents / lb. are a great value for a natural food in nature's perfect wrapper!
these are ok but why not sell Chiquita brand bananas? they are mucho better!
Cheap, healthy, great source of potassium . Also recommend buying the green bags, they really extend the shelf life!
Why have the bananas been so soft for quite a while? I was there when they were being put out, and they felt really warm. How are they stored and why are they warm? Disappointed with the quality control of these bananas. However, Wegmans low banana pricing has brought the price down at all the other surrounding supermarkets too ( not that I hardly shop anywhere else nowadays ).
A bargin price and healthy too! What more can you ask for?
Why not buy your bananas from wegmans, they make the best smoothies!! and have the best recipe!
The first product I purchase each and every visit to Wegmans! My grandchildren love them for a healthy snack; they tell me “Bananas are so good!"
Fresh, not banged up or bruised, and the price is right.
Thank you for a quality product!
I am always pleased when I go to Wegmans and shop their produce department, especially with their stock of bananas!! They are fresh and always a great low price! I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Wegman's keeps the price low on an item that's loaded with vitamins/minerals. My husband takes 2/day to "eat on the run" @ his very physically active job. I buy like 4 - 5 lbs every week, staggering the colors so they don't ripen too fast. Even if they do, they go into zip baggies for banana muffins/breads, and smoothies.
Did you know that the produce dept. restocks every half hour......that's customer service!
The banana display is well stocked and each bunch seems perfect. I love the fact that the bananas are only 49 cents per pound. Please keep up the good work. Love your store.
I will only purchase my produce from Wegmans. Their quality is a cut above the rest.
Love the ability to track needed food on my iPad for shopping
Love these!
I love these bananas!
The smaller bushels are nicer since banana wont go to waste. Organic is best
I love these bananas.  Organic is good.  I get at least one bunch a week.  In fact, 94011 is the only produce code I have memorized.
I believe anything organic is good for the health of the people.
I had doubts about any taste difference between organic and regular and to my surprise the organic ones are much sweeter, well worth the few extra cents.
Always buy slightly green. Skin condition accurately reflects fruit inside and flavor is always good - much better than traditional bananas. So happy these are offered at my Wegmans and are a reasonable price.
These bananas are the bees knees~
I love this product, regular bananas use a ton of pesticides in that tropical weather. Organic bananas are cleaner and taste better!
The bananas are great. The only problem is they are often out of stock.
These organic bananas are pretty good. We wont buy the regular ones. These are a healthier choice.
While the taste of the organic doesn't seem any different than the ""regular"" bananas, Wegmans seems to offer the organic version at a reasonable price.  Therefore, we only buy the organic ones -- because we're probably getting a better product that we just can't see.  This is an easy choice to make in supporting an organic product, given the reasonable price.  Plus, they always seem to be fresh - never found stale/brown organic bananas at Wegmans.
Poorest quality all mushy & bruised
Tt
A little hard to open- but the size of these bananas are great for little tikes!
A deliciously sweet banana, AND awesome best "sweet" PRICE :-)
They are a healthy snack option too!
An interesting novelty  however the skins are extra thick sne the taste is bland and the texture is pasty.
Slightly sweeter and slightly deeper flavor than the traditional yellow cavendish bananas. Can be challenging to know when they are ripe due to the color so I use the feel test and if they seem a little soft then they are ready.
A little more expensive but their smaller size is perfect for my two year old. No waste when he wants the whole banana and do it himself.
I thought this yogurt was refreshing and delicious.
This was my favorite flavor or yogurt, until Wegmans recently changed it, to contain less sugar. Now it has a bitter, aspartame aftertaste, which doesn't taste good, at all. Bring back the old flavor!
I can understand that Wegmans wants to reduce the sugar in their yogurt. Unfortunately this banana vanilla yogurt now has a fake chemical flavor. It’s a totally different flavor altogether. I’m so disappointed! I loved the flavor of the original Wegmans Banana Vanilla Yogurt and I wish Wegmans would bring it back.
I put these Hungarian Wax Peppers in my spaghetti sauce. They pair well with the pork. At purchase, the peppers should not yield under gentle pressure. Sometimes they are too curly or soft but mostly they are good. I do not chop these peppers but rather make vertical slits in them all the way around, placing them in my sauce to simmer. This allows them to soften and release their tasty juices. These Hungarian Wax Peppers add a gentle heat and pleasant flavor.
I do not like spicy, hot food and have found these peppers to be consistantly mild-mod. heat with the added benefit of a nice flavor.
My kids love these but I'm not sure where the value is. The value 12 pack costs as much as 2 regular 6 packs.
A convenient and sweetened yogurt drink. It comes in several fruit flavors. Our kids have been enjoying occasional mini-bottles for years.
I like the size of these because they are good for kids and are also one of the few whole milk yogurts available.
My kids really like this yogurt. I'm glad to have these smaller cups in the whole milk variety.
Very tasty yogurt and I like the nutritional values in it. I don’t like the taste of many light yogurts or Greek yogurt so this is perfect for me.
For my kids between meals!
Probably the best cook at home pizza taste, ready in just a few minutes.
The flavor was awesome. Peppers were super fresh, sausage had a great texture, sauce was delicious. Worth every penny.
Absolutely the creamiest and fluffiest banana pudding I have EVER tasted. It is my grandson's favorite.
It’s a shame it’s being sold at the Brooklyn, New York location.
This is the BEST banana pudding I have tasted and I have had some very good banana pudding made from varied recipes. It's a must try.
My favorite!
This is amazing! So much flavor, super creamy and keeps you FULL for hours!
I really like these. The crunch is good and so is the flavor.
I am a big fan of these. I actually like them better than raw bananas!  Maybe it is the crunch. Thanks for offering them in convenient containers.
Such a good treat!
My LO was not a fan of this one which surprised me. I tasted it and it didn't taste like the bananas I know. I think there might be a bit too much lemon juice concentrate in this food, but try it, you LO may like it.
Super good low cal treat!
These taste amazing!!!
A nice snack. My husband and I share one of the banana and one of the strawberry. We get the best of both with less calories,
Contrary to the previous review, these are delicious. They must stay frozen and are intended to be eaten frozen. As with normal bananas, if you cut them and leave them out for a while, they will get brown and mushy.

The bananas are very delicious and the dark chocolate complements them well. A wonderful alternative to an ice cream bar while being equally satisfying!
The banana slices are brown and mushy. We each took one bite and through the rest of the package in the trash.
Great way to try new items! If I really hate something, I don’t feel so bad pouring out a single bottle rather than an entire 6pk or more. Certain stores have great selection.
We can try new beers and don't get stuck with a whole six pack if we don't like it
Often times you can find expensive beer in the craft pack selection. The craft pack goes for 10 bucks, you can sometimes save 4-6 bucks by filling the pack with an expensive beer, rather than outright buying the expensive beer in a pack.
A pretty good Fall beer.
Sam Adams makes great beer!
So smooth and fresh! :)
Even worse than regular Corona.
Heineken was my favorite lager for a while. I recently tried Stella and I have to say, it has taken my number one spot.
Belgium produces some of the best beers available, this is not one of them.
Not too bad, pretty refreshing on a hot day.
This water has a weird taste, like it wants to be something different. Technically this could be labeled a soft drink.
Ok...more costly than many popular beers but once you try Southern Tier Imperial Pumking you’ll realize why - it tastes fantastic!!
Absolutely love this beer!!
You will go Ape over this Ale. It's full bodied, flavorful, spicy and creamy. Use with caution.
Fat Tire is a classic and west to east transplants missed it greatly til now. It really is a great beer. The price is just a little too high to enjoy it regularly though, nearly $20 for a 12 pack is simply more than I would ever spend on beer. I think that's probably not Wegmans fault, but it is priced beyond what working people can afford. Coors, here I come....
I've waited for years for Fat Tire to make its way here from CO. Couldn't be happier!
One of the friendliest beers I have ever had.
Really liked this Ale. Not to heavy with out that hoppy taste.
My husband & I both really enjoyed these brats. We have trouble with highly spiced food, but these had depth of flavor without being "hot." They were very juicy. We put them straight on the grill and cooked them slowly.
Disclaimer: I'm from Wisconsin, and my bratwurst expectations are admittedly high.

That said, these are really disappointing.  I cooked them using my usual method -- boil in beer and then grill. They shrunk by at least 25% in the beer, some of them split, and then, post-grill, really didn't have much flavor. I bought two packages and immediately went back to Johnsonville -- so much better. They're bad enough that I go to a different grocery store just for brats (Wegmans doesn't carry Johnsonville).
Juicy, but Blah..I was disappointed
We got these, thinking we’d try them instead of the gold standard, Johnsonville. We treated them exactly as we’d treat other brands: simmer in beer with sliced onions, then crisp on the grill. These did not meet our expectations as they totally lacked flavor, and no seasoning was apparent. (The texture was good, though.) We won’t buy these again; instead we will make another stop at a different store to get a different brand.
these are a great alternative to the usual dogs & burgers on the grill. We followed Wegman's cooking directions & they turned out perfectly. Looking forward to having our own Oktoberfest with these Brats, sauerkraut, German potato salad & some hearty beer.
Enter Comment Body
Yuengling is always reliable. I like a good craft beer but sometimes the mood just calls for a Yuengling when you at a party or a bar. Simple and easy. Reliable like an older model honda civic.
In my opinion, Yuengling Light is the best light beer on the market. It's rich full bodied taste and amber color make me think I am drinking a non-light beer. Yuengling products are high quality and this is no different.
The overall pumpkin flavor was drowned out by the tang of hops.  I'm not a big fan of IPAs and this flavor note ruined my yearly pumpkin brews.
I am not a major beer fan, but this tastes awesome! If you like pumpkin, this is probably the best you are going to find in beer form. I wish this product would stay around year round!
Just a perfectly balanced haze IPA, so delicious!
Love this beer
This beer is outstanding. Too bad Wegmans doesn't actually carry it. They say they do on the website, but you can't find it at any store in the Western New York area.
Bitburger. #1 Beer
Wegmans Fountain Root Beer isn't as good as A&W, but it's still very refreshing and it has a nice bite from the carbonation.
just like the original
The best Canada has to offer . Thankfully available here
If you’re looking to try some new IPAs definitely try this variety pack.
This wouldn't be categorized as a "professional critique", but Yuengling is one of my favorites
An excellent example of the style and not overpriced.
Yum. I like their 120 minute but this gets the job done.
Great hoppy beer.  Very enjoyable when it gets cold outside.
My favorite diet soda and at a great price.
Good balanced flavor, very little diet taste.
Dosent get better than this.
Always look forward to this Sierra Nevada seasonal release. Great hoppy flavor during the holiday season.
My favorite beer. Never had a skunky or stale one. Super crisp and refreshing!
CAN'T SAY ANYTHING ELSE BUT GREAT.
Enjoyed this through my pregnancy and didn't feel guilty eating chocolate.  Also a great boost in iron.
My son brought me a live lobster from your store (GENEVA) today...he included a bar of this chocolate for dessert. . I love the texture and the way the almonds are cut...it's like almond bark. Excellent product!!!!!
This is a great treat if you want to indulge without going broke. Keep in mind that it's just a $2 candy bar and you will love it. I would, however, like to have a few more almonds.
Pretty good chocolate bar. I like having it for my 3 o'clock pick me up at work.
These are so delicious! They are my go-to when I need a chocolate pick ke up! Regardless if you are vegan, you won't be dissapointed. Sometimes they are hard to find and not always in stock, probably a testimate to how good they are. Wegmans, please keep these amazing candy bars in stock!
These are my favorite GoMaxGo bars. My non-vegan husband tried it and LOVED it. The ricemilk chocolate is delicious, the nougat is fantastic. They are definitely a staple in our house when we need a little chocolate TLC! :) Wegmans, please stock ALL the GoMaxGo bars!!!
These are so good! And they don't bother my stomach or make me feel like I'm sorry I ate it.
I loved these! I'd recommend them to anyone.
Super good flavor
Dark chocolate with raspberry crunchies. I like it!
Outer packaging is the same, but gold foil on the inside is the clue that it is the new formula. Much sweeter and more raspberry. Nowhere near as good as the old formula.
If you like dark chocolate and raspberry, this is the indulgence for you. Chocolate is dark and smooth, ratio of berry to chocolate is perfect.
One of my favorites great snack. By on my lunch break
This candy bar is sooo yummy. It's very much on the sweet side, like one of those bars you'd grab off the shelf near the checkout. It tastes so much better though and doesn't have cholesterol or artificial ingredients. Not to mention how tasty it is!
I bought this chocolate today and it so delicious. It would make a great flavor for a gourmet coffee!
This is one of my favorite chocolate bars.  Great balance of flavor.  Not too sweet, not too bitter
we love this bar perfect combination to enjoy 1 square at a time or add as a mix in to favorite cookie brownies or frosting recipe
LOVE this flavor combo! Just wish it was sold year round!
sorry to not find this on the self this month.
I enjoyed it very much nice crunch from the peppermint and dark chocolate contrast.
Tastes just like the normal candy bar ice cream. Less calories and so yummy, I found myself wanting more!
You’ve been waiting for this all your life - A TOP QUALITY CHOCOLATE BAR W-I-T-H-O-U-T SUGAR!!!  \o/ \o/ \o/ Thank you Lily’s!
For keto diet chocolate, this tastes quite good with minimal carbs & little to no aftertaste.
I thought soy free chocolate didn't exist! I have an anaphylactic response to Soy which makes finding food I can eat next to impossible. Everything by Enjoy Life is soy free, even their chocolate!!
It poured out of the can like water. Then I added the correct amount of water well, it should be called tomato broth. Just Awful!!
Couple spoons and dumped the reat
I like this soup better than Campbell’s not only because it tastes just as good and is less expensive, but also because the ingredients list doesn’t mention high fructose corn syrup. Bravo, Wegmans!
My Fiancé and I who barely ever get heartburn were suffering after eating this!! The taste was a little off, that we could deal with, but not the pain! Back to Campbell's.
I can not tell you how excited I am to see the fyfga label on this soup! Finally!
Better than Campbell's with an easy open lid. Quality and value all in a neat little can.
One of my favorite comfort foods, especially with a grilled cheese sandwich.
Worth trying, Far better than yoU know who
I love this soup! I am so glad this soup does not have MSG like the name brand.
Not a lot of flavor to this soup. Very tiny pieces of chicken and the noodles are mushy.
This soup is incredibly delicious. Nothing overly fancy. Just your simple chicken noodle.  My two year old begs for this on the daily and I lick the bowl clean while he slurps down his portion.  Preferred recipe, hands down, over any other brand.  Also, my cats like it too. None of us have a problem with the salt.
This soup was a pleasant surprise! If you are under the weather and don't have someone to make you soup...let wegmans come to the rescue. My kids love it too!
My cat and I love this soup. She gets most of the chicken (there's lots) and I get everything else. The little rubberized chicken cubes that come only in canned soup are her very favorite of all foods. We like to eat it right from the can, unheated and undiluted, which we can do because there are no weird globs of chicken fat in it (that's a plus for me only, and she eats normal cat food—this is a treat we share only a few times a year).

This is nowhere near the saltiest food I've ever tasted, but if you're afraid of salt like another reviewer you might prefer one of the reduced-sodium versions instead of this. Wegmans and Campbell's both have reduced-sodium chicken noodle soups that are good too. With his salt phobia, I'm a little surprised he didn't choose one of them to begin with.
Normally I'm a big fan of Wegmans' products however this is probably the saltiest soup I've ever had and possibly the saltiest food I've ever had. The can states there's 2.5 servings, however that may be true only if you're food portions are the same size as those of a mouse. If you were to have this entire can of soup you would have had 2350 mg of sodium, AKA pretty much your daily value of sodium. Please do yourself a favor and steer away from this soup.
This is one of the best low sodium soups out there. If you are in a hurry, quicker then making soup yourself.
Great consistency and good for cooking. We always buy this over the Campbell’s brand now.
This soup is very good. We only use it once a month and on holidays, but prefer it over name brands. Also the fact that there is no msg compared to major brands is a plus!
I have about 12 in my pantry at all times. The price is perfect and flavor is deep and hearty. Great consistency. but Wegmans I beg of you...make a cream of chicken!!
The pull tab came right off of the can of soup. Tried to use a can opener and it’s not successfully working due to the area around the pull top. That results in jagged edges and the top of the can not completely taken off, but instead held on by 2 pieces of sharp metal. Love the soup but faulty components of the product
super easy to make and deeeeelicious. great soup for such an affordable price!
Why buy Campbell when Wegman's brand tastes better.........at a better price...........
We love it! Reminds us of Europe
Definitely different from when I was a kid...the smoke flavor ruins a classic for me.
Yuk
the past couple of times my mother and I have gone grocery shopping, there seems to be no Broccoli Cheese soup available. I find this really frustrating. please stock more, thank you.
Good taste but they have lessened the amount of noodles.
I don’t go out of my way to avoid salt, yet this soup is way too salty.  I would pay more for less salt and more chicken.
Avoid Contains MSG.
I don't really like condense soups but this was SO GOOD! I love it.
good basic, hard to find these days, a bit healthier than the reg soup
I was ordered to cut down on fat and salt in my diet. I love chicken noodle, and this is the only one that tastes good to me and meets my doctor’s approval post op.
Since this product was on sale for $0.99, I decided to give it a try as my daughter complains that original Campbell’s Chicken Noodle soup does not taste the same. I was hoping this would have been the recipe of the chicken soup I enjoyed as a kid. After one spoonful my daughter said Campbell products are banned from our house, with the except of their pork and beans.
After reading all the reviews, I bought this for a seafood feast as opposed to the Wegman's brand. So glad I did! Add cream, butter, and then in my case some shrimp, fresh chives, sweet corn, and a tab of truffle finishing bitter. Delish!
I recently purchased Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder. It's label says it all! No improvement in flavor required! Outstanding purchase!
Not long ago, I was searching Wegmans for New England clam chowder. I checked the commercially produced soups for Campbell's, but only found the uncondensed version. I prefer condensed.

I decided to check the Nature's Marketplace soup section. Lo and Behold! I found the Bar Harbor New England clam chowder.

I am a label reader, and I am also the family genealogist. My maternal grandmother comes from a very small town in Maine, called Whiting. Wouldn't you know - Bar Harbor clam chowder is produced in WHITING, MAINE!

I thought, okay, here's your clue! I bought it, I ate it, I LOVE IT!

The Bar Harbor clam chowder does have a fishier aroma, than Campbell's, right out of the can. That's because there are more and larger clams in the Bar Harbor brand.

My only problem with the product is that it does not stay long on the Wegmans shelves! My guess is that others have discovered Bar Harbor New England clam chowder, too!
I been looking for soups with no sugar and found this I cannot wait until I can try this
This tastes like-pieces of wax!! Grotesque. I hope they pull this from the shelves and replace it with Wolfgang Puck’s lobster bisque that tastes like  real lobster.
I love this!!  It’s my go-to dinner when I don’t want to cook.  BTW the package says to cook in conventional oven at 350 for 50 minutes. I actually cook for 1&1/2 hours. It has a nice brown crust top and bottom.  All it needs then is a bit of pepper and a bit of ketchup. YUMMY!
This was good but the Stouffer's White Cheddar Mac
A quick and easy Mac and cheese, almost as good as my homemade.
When made in the microwave, it's a little thin and has a bit of a taste of plastic. That's why I gave it a 4. It does taste better than the box stuff that you add water to and microwave. But I cook it in a convection oven and it taste much better. The only preservative in it is salt.
The best frozen mac n cheese :)
Not as flavorful as I had hoped
Price is reasonable and easy to prepare. I would usually add in a tbsp or two for a little extra flavor or a mini kick and it turns out great—better if you pair it up with some chicken, shrimp, or steak!
I've come to the final realization that if you want Chinese food, the only place you can get it is at a Chinese restaurant.  This fried rice doesn't have the 'crispness' of take-out or the flavor, but in a pinch, it's good. I added some cooked shrimp and snow peas and soy sauce and it made a meal.
I guess for frozen prepared food, this was not bad. For the price, I would rather order fried rice from a restaurant.  The eggs were spongy and the rice itself did not have much flavor (even after adding extra soy sauce). Also, make sure to eat it all in one sitting. It does not reheat well.
We had the rice as a side dish and it was really good. Very easy to heat up, can be a side dish with chicken, fish pork etc.
Great product.  I don't often purchase prepared foods.  This is an exception! Perfect flavor, quick to.prep.
not that good trader joes tastes alot better
Great price to feed a family (added broccoli and garlic bread sticks) on a night we didn’t feel like cooking! The meat to cheese to sauce ratio was great!! Try and Enjoy!!
It’s sort of bland and (one-dimensionally) salty at the same time. Meat lovers will be disappointed, too. All the meat that’s in there is completely dissolved into the sauce. (We wanted to get the eggplant lasagna, but a kid vetoed that and insisted on meat. She didn’t like that, either.)All in all, a rare miss for Wegmans and its wonderful Italian Classics line.
Best frozen meal I’ve ever had.  The lasagna taste homemade.
Salty
Better than stouffers and cheaper
I had to give it a try.......It's not anywhere close to homemade......two stars was pushing it.....pays to make your own......I love Wegman's.....this just didn't push any of my button's.......
I usually make my own lasagna, but there are days I don’t  have the time or inclination, and those are the days I would make this.   My husband and son loved this, and it surpasses any other frozen lasagna I have bought over the years.  They loved the taste and said it was as good as something you would buy at a family type restaurant.  It was packed with meat and cheese, and it baked up nicely, and it smelled really good.  I don’t like serving frozen entrees in general, but this one will be an exception.  Wegmans has hit another home run.   The price was vey easy on the budget too.   This one has earned a place in my freezer.
Nobody in my house ate this. It’s just not good. Wegmans makes TONS of great stuff, this isn’t one of them
The cooking directions for a conventional oven says bake at 575 degrees. This is a misprint, the temperature should be 375 degrees!
Possibly the best frozen lasagna I've every had. Not quite up to my own, but very good.
I was so excited reading all the good reviews and now I feel like a snob saying this but this lasagna does not taste homemade. It tastes like a frozen meal that you reheat in the oven on a busy night (even though it takes 2hrs). I was excited to try it, I love Wegmans brand and this lasagna is good, but definitely not great.
Yet another Wegmans product to love. This lasagna is as good as my delicious homemade recipe without all the work. We don't have an oven in our RV, so cooked it in the microwave for a little less than the pkg directions recommended. It was delicious - sauce tasted just like our favorite Wegmans "Grandpa's Sauce" which is slightly spicy. Pkg said that it is 5 servings - WRONG - it is really 4 servings, maybe 3 if hearty eaters. Highly recommend this product for an easy, hearty dinner.
I love lasagna but it's a pain to make sometimes, so, since I have never been disappointed by a Wegmans product, figured I would give this a try.
Super easy to make, 12 minutes in the microwave, 25 minutes in the oven, came out awesome! Super meaty and cheesy, plus ultra affordable. Less than $7.00!
Picked up a ceaser salad in a bag, and a fresh hot French baguette loaf.
Dinner for 4 less than $15:00 and it was delicious!
Tastes like homemade.
I was very impressed by this lasagna. Unlike a certain brand name frozen lasagna that shall remain nameless, this actually tastes like lasagna. The texture is dense, not soupy. You can actually see and taste the layers of cheese. The sauce is mildly spicy and the meat is recognizable as meat. My only complaint is that it isn't available in a larger size.
I am continually impressed by Wegman's products. This is the best frozen lasagna you will find. It really tastes very close to homemade. The sauce is great!
The total fat calories of this product is incorrect, the correct total fat calories is 144 and since its less than the listed 150, why wouldn't they print the 144? weird! I also do not recommend this product because it does not comply with the AMDR for fat and/or saturated fat which is one of the reasons we can't burn that excess fat because we're eating too much of it!!! At least it tastes good!
Wegmans and Trader Joe's frozen Mac & Cheese might be the best around. Extremely cheesy, flavorful, and comforting.
I don’t know who is rating this mac & cheese less than 5 stars or what kind of gourmet kitchen they grew up in, but this mac & cheese is fantastic! I buy very little in the frozen meals category but this tastes like homemade. It’s creamy and delicious but not too think; perfect pasta to cheese ratio and consistency . I just finished eating one and I want more. This mac & cheese raises the bar on what a frozen meal can be.
I dont even like wegmans ready to eat mac but this frozen stuff is the best, better than stouffers
Absolutely delicious! Creamy cheese sauce and real shredded cheese on top. I did stir halfway through cooking to ensure all noodles were covered with the cheese sauce. My little guys and husband were all fans too. Tastes just like homemade!
This mac & cheese is all I want to eat anymore
I make my daughter homemade Mac n cheese and now she won't eat boxed or most frozen. I got this because I had a coupon and I really enjoyed it (I don't even like my own homemade)!! She really likes it too! I do the nuke/bake method so it's done in 45 minutes, add some chicken for my hubby to make it a meal and voila... Easy peasy!!
I literally never review things but when I saw a bad review for this frozen Mac I got personally offended!! This right here is the best frozen Mac n Cheez on the market, just as good if not better than the frozen mac from Trader Joe's (my previous favorite).
It was sticky and dry with little flavor. Stouffers is far, far better.
It was great.  Even my son like it and he squawked when he saw it.  Creamy, delicious.  Overall great!
Not too many choices for vegetable lasagna.
This is a very good vegetable lasagna. We love it. It’ll be a freezer staple now that we’ve discovered it.
Wegmans, can you share your recipe?!?!?!
The best veggie lasagna I’ve ever had!
Best vegetable lasagne ever. Such a convenience to have this is the freezer. Please don't ever stop making it.
even as leftovers it was still amazing
Delicious and maintains its consistency like a fresh lasagna.
I've been eating Stouffer's veggie lasagna for  about a year but I would prefer to buy a Wegman's product.  I was disappointed, however.  Not enough vegetables, too much garlic, too much salt.  I ate it but I didn't enjoy it.
I enjoyed the first serving of this dish. However, there was a whole section that had no vegetables, cheese or anything. I did not understand why Wegmans would not layer the entire lasagna evenly. It was very disappointing and the reason I will not buy the product again. A whole section was nothing but the pasta stuck together. SMH
The lasagna was very tasty however I couldn't find many vegetables.  The lasagna noodles were thicker than I am used to.  I'm kind of neutral on recommending it which is why I gave it only 3 stars.  If there had been more veggies, it would have gotten 5.
Disappointing! I tried it a few months ago, but this is no better. Tastes very salty. Lasagna bakes unevenly in MW, some edges are tough, inedible.
I saw this in the frozen section and was excited because I LOVE vegetable lasagna. The price was great and I figured this was a quick "go to" when I didn't want to cook. I buy Wegmans products all the time because of their quality but I couldn't have been more disappointed with this one. The only vegetable I tasted was broccoli and it was overpowering and mushy. I rarely throw leftovers out (and there was a lot of this one) but this was not worth keeping.  I don't know if something has changed since the previous reviews (which seem to be from years ago) but this is not something I would ever buy again.
A friend introduced me to Wegmans Veggie Lasagna after I'd had a new baby. My toddlers love it so it's a great way to get veggies in them. It's super creamy, easy to prepare (and clean up!) and a perfect "keep it in the freezer for busy days" meal!
Wegmans has done it again!...Honestly...Ive made lasagna all my life and i have also tasted different boxed lasagna such as stouffers, and other Grocery store brands...but I have to say Wegmans Vegetable lasagna is the creamiest crunchiest topped lasagna...and its loaded...or should I say stuffed... with vegetables...The best Lasagna i have ever tasted!!!...I thought I found a secret when I bought this delicious Lasagna...but I was wrong!...when I went back to buy another 2, The shelf was completely empty...I went to 3 different Wegmans in a week and I have to travel far to get to them but happen to be in those areas at the time. for my job...and can you believe none of them had any on the freezer shelves!...People love it!...I finally got to Wegmans the next time early in the morning and low and behold they had them...so I bought 4 for my freezer...LOL!...Wegmans is truly the best store in the world...All of the food is fantastic!..I actually enjoy food shopping and look forward to it!...Love you Wegmans...NOW JUST PUT A STORE IN MY AREA...TOMS RIVER, NJ...PRETTY PLEASE?...ACTUALLY IM BEGGING YOU!...LOL! :)
This vegetable lasagna is da' bomb. Better than Stouffer's vegetable lasagna. Very cheesy with a greaty parmesan flavor to the cream sauce.
This meal was wonderful! Very full of flavor! 2 thumbs up!!
This is a comfort food without the meat involved. I'm placing it on my shopping list that seems to be growing with other great items that only can be purchased at Wegman's. This vegetable lasagna is one of my favorites.
My favorite quick and easy meal. The sauce is so good and the kids love it as much as I do!
Good flavor and texture, easy and quick to cook. It would be better if slightly less salty and  more noodles.
This tastes nothing like lo mein.  It’s way too salty and tastes too strongly of vinegar.  I won’t buy again.
I love this lo mein. So does my family. We add chicken to it sometimes.
This tasted nothing like Lo Mein. Will never buy again.
We love wegmans lomein off the hot bar e.t.c we also love many of wegmans frozen products.  This was horrible.  We gave it a few tries and its just terrible.  Flavor is just horrific and the texture is so off.
Just bad.
I actually liked this.  I followed the stovetop directions and the noodles were a good consistency.  I may add a package of a frozen veggies blend next time.
Horrible taste...would not buy again or take even if it was a freebie. Couldn’t even eat it had to throw it out and went out for take out. Also the portion is so small it’s maybe enough for 1 person
I am in love with this. I crave it often. I don't know why there aren't more 5 star reviews.
It has a very strong mushroom flavor.
The flavor was fine but vegetables were no existent. I assume the pecks of green in here are bok choy but I would need a microscope to tell. Over all pretty disappointing.
Flat noodles, soggy mess. Nothing, not a single item or flavor resembles Lo Mein. Since I purchase store prepared Lo Mein every type I shop at Wegmans, I thought this would resemble what I buy in the ready to eat part of the store. Not even close. I wish I had checked the reviews first since I bought 3 packages in my eagerness and now I am stuck with 2 unedible packages! Horrendous! How dare you call this Lo Mein!!!
Horrible taste and extremely small portion. Claims it’s for 3.5 people. It looks like enough for 2 At the very most.
It’s edible but not that good. The size is small so one person can eat it in one sitting. It claims it makes 3.5 cups, but really there is only about 1-1.5 cups of noodles.it is also very salty.  Unless it is on sale and I have a coupon, I will not get again
This item is very small only enough to feed two people if you add meat. Also noticed a piece of plastic in our food! Will never buy again
I added cooked stir fry chicken to this to make it a meal. Sauce was a bit watery. Veggies were quite small bits. Did not taste similar to Wegmans Hot Bar Lo Mein. Probably will buy again.
This dish was easy and delicious. Cooks stove top in a few minutes. It isnt true lo mein noodles. However, it has a good variety and ratio of vegetables to noodles and the sauce is delicious.
I was looking for frozen egg noodles, but couldn't find any, so I tried these.  My soup was delicious and these noodle worked well, held up
Every so often I make a chicken stir fry for dinner. Using packages of frozen veggies, Wegmans Stir-fry chicken strips, and then these LoMein noodles -- easy dinner. My only complaint is that the package holds 3 portions... which is pretty inconvenient when you are feeding only 2 people. I wind up having to buy another package for future use.
These noodles are great for lo mein or regular stir fry. They have a good texture and flavor and they hold up well in sauces and high heat.
It’s not really like a Chinese restaurant flavor but it was definitely good.
Pretty good! Will buy again.
These work really well as alkaline noodles for ramen
Used this noodle product last night as an addition to our chicken/vegetable stiry-fry. Found them easy to make and a nice change from white rice. We're not really Chinese food afficianados, so not that fussy about how authentic they are vis-a-vis Lo Mein noodles from a Chinese restaurant. Will purchase this product again.
Definitely not even close to lo mein noodles. It's like spaghetti noodles.
After cooking, the noodles seemed to retain a weird flavor from the plastic packaging.
We bought this to go along with the vegetable Lo Mein recipe that came out in the recent copy of Menu. They tasted like spaghetti noodles and the texture was completely wrong. Will not purchase again.
Very good. Taste just like the hot bar.
This is so good I feel like I shouldn't buy it again (but I will). It's a little cheesier than Stouffer's & I love cheese so this is just amazing. It also even tastes good leftover, which is incredibly rare for mac & cheese.
Long oven cooking time. Very creamy, no flavor though!
Stouffer's is the gold standard for frozen macaroni and cheese--for ANY macaroni and cheese, including homemade. I can't imagine what a macaroni and cheese better than Stouffer's would be like.

I tried this because it was on sale and Wegmans offered a great coupon. It's not bad, but the taste is better than the texture. The sauce is creamy white, so at first I thought it was the kind of m&c that's made with a white sauce and only topped with cheese, but this IS a cheese sauce, made evidently with white cheese. But unlike Stouffer's, this is made primarily not with cheddar cheese but with processed American cheese, which gives it a gummy texture that I don't like.

Without the coupon and at non-sale price this costs more than the same-size package of Stouffer's, so I'll never buy it again.
Easily microwaveable. Tastes just like the hot bar version. Definitely buying again.
Used the microwave/oven method and it turned out awesome! Just like off the hot bar!
For all of us, but especially myself, these are the perfect size and they taste Ssooo Very good. I won't buy any other Mac N Cheese anymore. My 4 yr old granddaughter likes
Great as is, wonderful topped with bacon or browned panko crumbs
No complaints here! I love mac n cheese and I feel far less guilty when I eat this one!
The chicken has that gross, fake, and chewy taste to it, everything else was soggy and the sauce was bland. Just spend the extra money on getting real Chinese than this stuff
It was awful. Soggy, slimy, sweet but bland like all spices are missing. My Mom thought so too.
It's not the best value but it's a decent quick and easy meal.
Mushy glop with broken broccoli bits, hint of soggy chicken and slimy noodles. Shocked that Wegman's would put their name on it.
It is not as good as take out, but was appreciated by the crew and they are usually fussy.
Just bad
Very small to no chicken pieces, serving size too small, overall not what I expected since most of Wegmans frozen meals are a great value for the price.
The "chicken" was mostly gooey bread.  The flavor was sickeningly sweet.  Will not buy again.
Chicken quality was awful. Barely any meat, mostly just breaded / oily air pockets.
The portion size was super small but the taste wasn’t bad. I liked the lo mien and broccoli but the chicken was pretty low quality.
Most or Marie's frozen meals are average or better. Not pot pies. Lots of crust/carbs/calories but the inside is lacking. I would not buy again.
This is our favorite chicken pot pie and we've tried them all. They sell them in a multipack so you can save money.
The best frozen meat pot pie in the store. I buy frozen microwave-in-bag peas & carrots, and then dump the pie out of its pan with the veggies together onto my dinner plate. Childhood flashback LOL
Very good
This was delicious!
Always have several in our freezer- easy dinner for active people.
This lasagna in a box that I've found that tastes close to homemade.
Next time I would take out chicken and air fry or toaster oven first. It has no taste, texture otherwise. Then add to cooked noodles, veggies and sauce. Eating out is no longer an option.
Sauce is horrible, though spicy, not General Tso’s. The chicken was rubbery with soggy breading. The pasta gummy. Such a disgusting product overall.
Soggy flavorless and overpriced. Disappointing Wegmans product
The flavor was pretty good, but there were only 5 pieces of chicken when the package says there are 4 servings! Kind of ridiculous.
I thought the sauce was great and went very well with the chicken and noodles. However, it says 4 servings per package. I counted 11 bite size or smaller pieces of chicken. There was enough lo mein to cover 1/4 of my plate and 1/4 of my husbands. Definitely not enough for a family of 4! Very disappointed with that.
I don't know how this got a good rating, my family thought it was horrible.  The chicken had a funny processed type flavor and the texture was terrible.  The sauce was bland..
The sauce is delicious. I love it with the noodles and veggies. However I took off one star because there is definitely room for improvement with the chicken.. has a very strange taste.
I'm surprised by the overall rating, tbh. I got this because I needed something to eat that was quick, and chose this. I liked the taste, how easy I could put it together, and that it was filling.
All the chicken... all 10 pieces that is were more coating than chicken. The vegetables were mush. The sauce was “weird” like no Gen Tso sauce I ever had.
We were impressed in the fact the ingredients weren’t overly processed. The nutrition facts compared to other frozen meals were a lot better. The chicken was a bit soggy though. Would recommend air frying the chicken to crisp up.
Chicken was very chewy and had a bad flavor to it.  I had to throw this out and couldn’t finish it.  The broccoli was okay.
About half of the chicken pieces were too chewy and the sauce was a tad too sweet.
Normally I get Stouffers, which is always great, but this time Wegmans was out so I decided to try this - especially with Wegmans brand being so good normally.  Sadly that couldn't be further from the case, this stuff had nearly zero flavor, poor consistency and extremely little meat.  I would suggest to Wegmans that they go back to the drawing board on this stuff, this is definitely a miss.  Avoid at all costs.
We buy this often. 2 of them are perfect for this retired couple - no left-overs to deal with like there is when we buy the large one. Lasagna noodles are a bit tough, but I like them that way. Wegman's tomoato sauce and the meat are just pefect. Best frozen lasagna we've had and so much easier than making it from scratch!
does not taste good meat dissolve in sauce trader joes taste alot better
Horrible smell and taste. I am not a fan of frozen food but thought we would try this.
This lasagna turned out great for store-bought lasagna! You can’t poke too many holes in the plastic or else the lasagna will explode in the microwave. Great texture and a great quick lunch/dinner!
I’ve tried a lot of different frozen lasagna, and this one is possibly the best I’ve had. I microwaved it, expecting it to come out soggy, but it cooked up surprisingly close to “real “ lasagna that you’d cook in the oven. The sauce is a bit salty, and the sodium level is up there, so I don’t plan to make this a habit. But it’s a great product to have on hand for when you get a sudden craving for lasagna.
Just had this for lunch a few minutes ago and it's delicious!  Needed something quick since I didn't have time to run out and no leftovers from home.  This is a great "go-to" lunch!
If you cook based on the directions you could end just short of drying the whole dish out. The flavor is fair, not incredible. This thing barely has any sauce. It’s a bit boring, but passable if you need a weeknight dinner.
It's the best frozen lasagna I've ever had. Bought this on a whim since I had a coupon. Was very pleasantly surprised at how good it is. Really liked the noodle sheets and that they weren't skimpy on the ricotta. The only thing I did was add freshly grated Romano cheese on top before baking. Still can't believe how good this is. Enjoyable. Now I have a go to when I don't have time to make it myself.
Taste homemade. So delicious.
Delicious
I was hosting a casual dinner party and didn't have time to prepare homemade.  With a bit of trimming, I transferred two of these into a single 9x13 stoneware casserole dish and topped with an additional cup or so of shredded mozzarella.  It came out of the oven looking and tasting as good as what I would have made from scratch and was an absolute crowd-pleaser.
Soo good!! Lots of ricotta cheese inside and so easy to make! Will buy this again!
Cheesy and tasty
This is such a great snack!! If your busy and don't have time to make a meal this is a quick alternative and it's really really delicious!!
Good quality chicken for a frozen meal (haven’t encountered any “gross” prices.) All broccoli florets. Cooks up well and the sauce is just enough to give it some flavor. Can’t do better for a microwaveable lunch under 200 calories.
Stouffer's Salisbury Steak with Mac N Cheese is a quick easy meal that comes in handy on those nights that you just don't feel like taking the time to cook.
Compared to  the other  brands  frozen choices, this is a good offering.   Easy to tune up with  a pat of butter and a dash of A1 or Worcetshire  Sauce.I like it for a quick meal that is portioned to allow  room for side dishes.If possible, definitely oven bake rather than microwave. Flavor is signifigantly better.
It's been years since I had this meal. Nothing at all what I remembered. All I can say is Yuck, Yuck, Yuck!!!
My wife takes a microwave lunch most days and this is her favorite "comfort" lunch treat - the apples is what makes it so special.
Flavor is good and it's easy to make. Only recommendation is to add just a little extra chicken and broccoli and then it gets 5 stars from me.
The meal was easy to prepare and tasty, but I found it too salty for my taste.
It was good.  I didn't get alot of chicken and i wish it had more broccoli
Nice option when you don’t feel like making dinner. The chicken is inedible, but the pasta, broccoli, and sauce taste good
Having a toddler, dinner isn’t easy to get on the table sometimes. This was so easy to pop in the oven and tastes like a restaurant meal. Rounded out with salad and Wegmans Garlic and cheese bread. I would like to try tweaking as the other reviews suggest next time!
I️ was pleasantly surprised! Great tasting sauce and the chicken was not rubbery like I️ had expected. I️ will definitely be buying again!!
This meal is very good as is. But I like to tweak sometimes. I add a bag of broccoli and a hand full of shrimp.  Sometimes i;ll do chicken or turkey sausage. And top it off with fresh parmesan cheese. There,s plenty of sauce great taste and i get to extend this meal .
this product is very tasty except for the chicken i had fat & a couple of pc of grizel & the taste was bla. the sause was great
I bought this and think the breasts were not real chicken breasts.  I then tried ready to cook chicken filets and made our own chicken parmigiana and was much better.  May want to buy filets and make it yourself.
This is edible food in a box!
I tried the chicken Parmesan for the first time last week.  My husband and I fell in love.  It will be a staple in our home.
Fantastic! Very convenient and tasty!
Seriously these flavors are incredible. Wegmans did an awesome job to perfect the texture after being frozen ravioli. I would eat this for breakfast lunch and dinner if given the opportunity
This is a good product. It tastes good and is easy to prepare. But seriously, this was not even 2 servings, and my 6'2" athletic husband could have inhaled the entire bag as an appetizer. Come on, give us enough to actually *feed* 2 people.
The ravioli was tasty enough, and I'll probably get it again, however, the package says three servings, and I don't consider three ravioli (unless they are much larger than these0 to be a serving.
I thorough enjoyed these! They were very easy to heat up and were delicious. I just wish it came in a larger bag. I was able to eat this all in one sitting! It was 12 raviolis. I wish they had more filling inside but they are great and excellent price!
Perfect for our two-person household. Rich flavor, very easy to make - especially good for busy nights or those times when we're too tired to cook. Good enough to serve as a side dish for company.
Loved it and I’m picky. Great flavor and fast to serve. Wish it came in a bigger bag.
I love these Italian Classic frozen meals.  They are easy to cook and this new flavor is delicious.  I'll definitely buy again.
Our family loves this chicken pot pie. The crust is so flaky and adds just the right amount of crunch and carb.
I was really looking forward to this pot pie. I have tried a few of Wegmans frozen foods, and was pleased. This on the other hand is boring, and flavorless. I will not buy again.
This was not any different than the popular brands. The top crust was flaky and held together. The other ingredients were a bit of a mishmash with everything running together. There seem to be an adequate amount of chicken but it was all in little bitsy pieces. The flavor was OK but not noteworthy. I am not likely to re-purchase.
I found the pot pie to be very soupy with a weird top crust thrown on top. The chicken was tender, but it was all rather tasteless.
Very disappointed in this "pot pie".  Only a top crust  which was thin and not at all tasty or "flaky" as described.  Mostly gravy/sauce with a small amount of tiny cut veggies.  Not much chicken.  Sauce was kind of runny and only seasoning we could taste seemed like black pepper which was strong.  At least it wasn't salty, but won't be buying it again.
Delicious!!
Nice balance of veggies, chicken and gravy. Fantastic flavor
Overall, extremely bland and too dry. Crust, more like cardboard.
I received a free coupon for this product and was excited to try.  The picture on the box, looks amazing.   However that is not what I found inside.  Crust was broken into pieces.   There was very little chicken.   Carrots were small slivers and peas were tiny.  Flaky pastry crust was not flaky.   This was mostly gravy and crust.   I gave it 2 stars instead of 1, because it had good flavor.   Not to salty.
some veggies in gravy,  not worth your money
I sill start by saying it was just in a box and my pastry crust was shattered inside.  I pieces together the best I could. When baked the flat pastry does not fluff up. When heated, and went to eat, was all carrots and peas w little chicken. The "filling" veggies and all maybe ..might have been a cup total.  The smell and the taste was not too bad but again was barely enough to enjoy. I'm happy I had a free coupon but next time I'd I have even a free coupon I would not use. Not worth the utility use of an oven and hour plus od my time to cook
The gravy was a little thin and could have been more rich and flavorful.  Good amount of ingredients.  Not salty.
Reading the reviews I figured I had a 50/50 shot of this pot pie being good. I was happy that I found it to be pretty tasty! I do wish it came in individual serving size though as opposed to two people. I shared it with my husband but we like pouring an individual one over mashed potatoes.
Even free was too much for this pie. Three pieces of chicken were pure gristle. The crust had little flavor and the gravy was runny soup. Stick with Marie Calender’s at a fraction of the price.
I don’t think I’ve ever written a bad review about a Wegmans brand product before but I agree with some of the other reviews that this is very bland, and a little too watery. I had a free coupon to try it and I’m glad I didn’t pay for it. I would not get it again.
Very good pot pie.  The crust isn't overdone and it has a nice balance of  chicken, vegetables and light gravy. We were very pleased with the flavors and tenderness of the chicken.  Would definitely buy again and we're looking forward to trying the other pies.
This was a delicious pot pie. Not too salty, well seasoned. Will definitely get it again.
I found it too bland. The gravy was also watery. The hour long bake time meant I had to plan ahead on when to have it for dinner.
Surprisingly bad for a Wegmans brand product! More peas than anything else and very strong onion aftertaste.
This is mostly peas and some carrots. The crust is decent but is only the top. Not much to the pot pie as it is shallow. The flavor is somewhat bland and is probably not worth even the sale price in my opinion.
Finally a pot pie I can eat. It tastes different than others but not bad. Probably because it’s better. Very good. Good flavor. Eventually it would be nice in other sizes. And possibly other flavors. Definitely delicious
Will definitely buy again!
1 enchilada is a serving, so good for two lunches with brown rice.
I don't like Mac & Cheese and usually add something like stewed tomatoes.  This was really good all by itself.
Good noodles but a little too expensive for only 3 packs
This udon noodle is the closest to authentic Japanese udon I've ever seen in the states.
This frozen udon taste like the real udon you can get in Japan.
It contains simple ingredients is a plus!
These are the best udon you can find outside of an asian grocery store, and even the smaller asian markets often have a disappointing selection of fresh noodles. They are more expensive than the udon "soup packs" you can find elsewhere, but the quality is far better. Each package (the bag has 3) is about one serving, and they heat up beautifully in boiling water without getting mushy, although you should still be wary not to leave them in too long. The noodles are slick and slurpable while still being a little chewy on the inside. You can't compare the boxes of dry udon in the asian aisle to these.
They were even better than I expected for a frozen noodle. The texture and bite were absolutely perfect.
A little pricy but the noodles retain an excellent texture when cooked and are very tasty.
This is my all time favorite Healthy Choice meal! It has just the right amount of flavor.
For the price you might not expect much. But if you try these pot pies you will be pleasantly pleased I think. The crust is absolutely the best of all the other more expensive products. I love this crust's taste. The other products crust is mostly tasteless and they never had enough gravy. I have only thing to complaint about with the Banquet pot pie. I really don't like the meat in them at all. But then I am not a big fan of meat of any kind so it could just be me. But even with the bad meat it's the best brand.
It is not about the price, but the quality of this product.I have tried other pot pies and they did not meet the challenge of this product. This product headed out the gate way out in front as far as the quality, texture and the taste.
I have not found and other pot pies that would meet this challenge and beat this product.

Not only that but with this product you can do lots more with this as far as recipes.
Try it!
I agree with the previous reviewer...spicy, bright veggies...super dinner for a busy night. Can't believe that it's a frozen dinner.
This was absolutely delicious. I can barely tell it came frozen in a bag. It tastes homemade and was a hit! Amazing for busy weeknights.
Of all the frozen meals
Taste was ok
The reviews are pretty awesome, so I figured I’d try it. WOW. The reviews here are not wrong. So good. It’s now a grocery staple and I never buy tofu. Super simple to use. Tastes great. 
I agree it’s probably not the healthiest nor cheapest tofu around but it’s so good, I’m okay with ignoring those facts.
I'm new to the veggie lifestyle and I DON'T like tofu but and this is a serious but...but I LOVE this stuff! I'm craving too. It's firm and delicious and I eat it straight from the package, especially when I need something quick and I can't think of or don't feel like making anything elaborate. 
Try it you will not be disappointed!
This tofu is amazing. It’s always delicious. That being said it’s deveptive. The texture of wegmans “baked” tofu always seemed too good to be true and now I know why. Compare the nutrition to normal tofu and you will see. It’s got to be fried prior to freezing to get that much fat, let alone saturated fat. So tasty? Yes. Full of protein? Awesome. But don’t fool yourself that it’s healthy.
I just started trying tofu and this is the only one I like. The texture is great and it is already prepared so there is no draining or pressing required. It's very easy to use and seems like you can't mess it up. Good for people new to tofu
I don't know what magical sprite sorcery they did to make this tofu this good, maybe they added unicorn tears in the coagulant...i dunno....but i do know it's well worth the price. and i'm frugal (*ahem* cheap) so that saying something.

usually i get my tofu from Costco or Asian market because it pretty all taste the same and i'm not trying to pay $3 for a block of tofu when i can get a bucket of it elsewhere. HOWEVER with that said. THIS TOFU IS LIKE VEGGIE MEAT.

what i mean is, i can almost eat this straight. and i'm not that person who can usually do that with tofu - you know, the type that says "oh hey, lightly boil mine and sprinkle some sesame sauce on it!" no....that's not me....so for me to say, i could eat this straight without adding seasoning is saying something.

the texture is unbelievable and the taste is amazing. i don't even look at this like "Tofu" i look at it as some other type of veggie meat. like other reviewers said, i couldn't replicate it with other cheaper tofu so i have to buy it. because no matter how i cook it, it comes out great. it's unruinable!

if you want to taste it, this is the tofu that they use to make their tofu dishes on the hot bar. if you're a cook like me who loves tofu and want others to see how good tofu can be then you'll have to use their magical elfish tofu.

BTW...as you cook it, it puffs up then withers down into this nice chewy texture.

QUICK RECIPE. get this magic tofu, a large jar of pesto (i got mine from costco). cut it into cubes and cook with the pesto then serve over wegmans instant brown rice (its really cheap and cooks in no time). this will taste like a super expensive dish and it'll be less than $10...great for vegetarian potlucks
This is absolutely my favorite tofu and I eat a lot of tofu! No matter how hard I try to duplicate this product by, pressing and freezing refrigerated tofu I can't come close. My favorite way to prepare this is a simple dry fry, lightly seasoned. The tast and texture are just excellent. Definitely worth a try.
This is the best tofu I've ever used for home preparation, hands down! No draining, no pressing needed. All of the work is done for you. Saves a great deal of time for meal preparation. Defrosts very quick using the microwave & it's ready to use right away. Great mouthfeel, excellent for grilling & marinating. Probably my very favorite Wegmans product if I had to choose just one.
I was pleased to come across this product while walking the frozen aisle. This tofu is similar to the product used in the prepared foods section. It is a lot firmer than tofu found in the refrigerated section, higher in protein, and tastes so much better! So glad this is available!
Nice easy meal, had some bread along with it for a quick delicious dinner!
Just horrible better then the lasagna but not by much.
Good, fast quick lunch that’s not terrible in calories
Only a single tiny (1-1/2"x2") piece of chicken in entire meal and teeny teeny pieces of green broccoli florettes that you can barely see, swimming in a thick white garlicky cream sauce that is just overloaded with salt!  Not worth the price of the product.
Don't buy it!!
Goodness in seven minutes.
Always makes a delicious breakfast
Always great over toast... cooks in 7 minutes!
Quick to make and delicious! Didn’t find it too spicy. A lot of flavor!
Very tasty but wicked spicy. Add a few dollops of sour cream and you’re good.
This has some heat to it, but it isn’t overwhelming. I added a little bit of shredded cheddar on top. It was good and highly convenient meal.
Too spicy for me to eat. I had to throw it away :(
Excellent!  Tastes great!
My fave frozen Mac. Creamy and rich, with just the right amount and type of cheese sauce.
This is by far the best Dinner. Have recommended it to many and all have agreed. Great value and love the low calories!
Tastes great! One of my favorite meals from this brand.
A great vegetarian bring to work lunch option! The frozen pasta has excellent textures and the sauce is yummy. Add some veggies to the bowl for extra nutrition and you are all set!
A simple, quick & easy lunch option.  Delicious.
I wanted to like this but it was just alright. Not much happening in the way of veggies and a bit bland. About what you’d expect from a microwaveable dinner though.
Tasty, soft cookie pieces. Even without defrosting was very easy to scoop out. Usually have to wait longer. Super tasty and the price can't be beat.
Delicious! Absolutely the very best ice cream for making root beer floats. Ditto for pie a la mode. And for sundaes, too. And for a plain dish of vanilla ice cream. There are other good ones out there (I know, I've tried them all), but none can beat Perry's Vanilla Premium Ice Cream for all-around excellence. Just writing about it makes my mouth water!
It’s that good! The vanilla, coffee, and dark chocolate flavors balance each other out perfectly, and as always Perry’s produced a rich, smooth, and creamy ice cream at an affordable cost! I’m really glad I tried this...no more vanilla/chocolate/strawberry neapolitan for me...this is my new favorite three flavor ice cream.
The best ice cream that I ever try .
This is really good and doesn’t get frozen hard in the freezer.  It stays soft and easy to scoop
At first glance this mint chip ice cream looks like the mundane coworker that sits quietly next to you but as soon as but into that first crunchy let milky swiss chip you realize that coworker actually runs a underground fight club and reigns victorious as the undefeated champion.
This is the best mint ice cream. Wish it was sold in Cleveland .
I used to only buy Breyers Natural vanilla ice cream until I tried this. This stuff is fantastic! Rich vanilla flavor, smooth consistency, wonderful flavor. Now if only ice cream wasn't fattening...
This was the best cookie dough I've had in a long time. Equal balance of cookie dough and chips. Yum! I hope Wegmans gets it back soon.
I saw this yesterday and bought it on impulse, and am so glad I did!  It was excellent!  I want to try their other flavors too.
Why do you only make this seasonal?  This is my favorite ice cream ever.  I shouldn’t even submit this review because I know it will start to sell out. In love.
My husband loves it.
My daughter and I look forward to this every year. It’s fantastic. Even better with chocolate syrup and whipped cream on top! We buy TONS of this while it’s here because we know it will disappear after the holidays.                  aoverover
If you like coffee flavored ice cream this is smooth, well flavored and copiously streaked with thick chocolate. Sinful - which no doubt accounts for the name.
I dare you to try and stop at one bowl
This is a great kids ice cream! Every bite is a burst of different, awesome flavors! This is my kids favorite ice cream!
The Perry's website recommended this flavor because I love their Cotton Candy ice cream, but it’s really just a heaping pile of weirdness. First, you bite into a cherry swirl that’s supposed to taste like bubblegum but is more reminiscent of Cherry Pepto Bismol. Then you dig into the blue raspberry portion, which is good but not great. And the only time I allow myself to eat ice cream is if it’s great, otherwise it’s just wasted calories. Then you dig into the lemon part, which I was really excited about but was quickly let down. The Pepto Bismol overshadows any hint of lemony goodness. Two stars because the blue raspberry is halfway decent, but I’m definitely gonna need some Pepto Bismol. Touche.
This ice cream is so delicious, I only eat it once a year so it’s a special treat each time!
Perry's  All American ice cream is delicious, and there's  no chocolate in it. At first I thought the ribbons were chocolate, but they are fruit! I love chocolate just not in my ice cream.  This ice cream has great cherry flavor and isn't over the top sweet. Beautiful!
Ok, love this ice cream. I have been looking for cherry vanilla ice cream, like I use to have when I was a little girl and I found it. Some thing other than chocolate this chocolate that. This is good, try it your gonna love it!
Incredible gluten free gooey butter cake ice cream!
For the price, I expected something really amazing.  It was pretty good, but no better than any of the other premium ice creams.  Fine for a one-time splurge, but no need to get again.
Tastes just like butter! Super good. Not too sweet either.
Bought this a few years ago and it became an instant holiday classic! This ice cream is phenomenal. If you see it in your store, get it while you can and get more than one! I got 3 cartons last year and all I got was one spoonful because my family ate the rest! Can't imagine Christmas without it!
My favorite ice cream I love this flavor I put chocolate sprinkles in it to hits the spot love this flavor:)!!
Tastes even better than whole foods ice cream sandwich - highly recommend!
Love the flavor and serving size!
Tastes best when thawed for 5 min prior to eating. Softens the cookie
Makes this sandwich the star of the show. In Some boxes the wafer is soft- this makes the sandwich average. DONT GET THE LIGHT VERSION. Trust me on this.
These ice cream sandwiches are horrible. The Wafer taste like card board. The texture of the wafer doesn't go well with ice cream at all. I tried several different store brand ice cream sandwiches, but this one is by far the worst.  My family and I was highly disappointed when we bit into these. I'll make sure to never buy these again.
Great ice cream sandwiches. A little bit of crunch in the chocolate wafer. Great vanilla ice cream. These never last more than a week in my house!
I really love these. Based on other comments I guess it’s a preference thing. I wasn’t expecting the wafer to be crunchy but it’s delicious to me. Didn’t know I was missing that crunch.
What happened to these? They used to be incredible, before the packaging was changed to this new purple box.The organic ice cream sandwiches are amazing. Had a free coupon for those. But if I'm buying ice cream sandwiches, I'm not buying them because they're organic. Let's be real.
Wafer is actually crunchy. Great ice cream!
I got my first box of summer and cookie was actually crunchy now I bought one this week and there soft what’s going on? They are awesome for price and being generic
Bought a box of these yesterday and was surprised to bite in and discover the wafers are crunchy. Is that normal? I don’t ever remember ice cream sandwiches having crunchy wafers before. Maybe they were thawed and refrozen? Weird.
Better than most of the name brands I've tasted
Creamy ice cream.  You would never know it was a store brand. I truly reach for these before any other.
Finally, and all natural ice cream bar with better ingredients! My kids love these and they are creamy and delicious without all the normal additives like regular ice cream sandwiches have. Love the Wegmans food you feel good about products! Would love to see a vanilla ice cream stick with a hard chocolate coating option in the "food you feel good about" to go along with these and the fudgicles.
These are the best ice cream sandwiches I've had in a while. They are very addicting, so make sure to grab more than one box when they're on sale. They're just the right size but you might find yourself reaching for a second one.
I took a chance on the Wegmans brand and I’m sorry that I did. When I opened the box, every sandwich was open on one end exposing the entire sandwich to air for as long as it had been packaged. I’ll be passing on “Wegmans” brand from now on.
These are creamy and delicious great for a hot day and the perfect portion. just wish since they are wegmans brand they were a little cheaper.
Taste is ok, but if you don’t have a reason to use this on the day of purchase or within two days don’t bother buying! After a couple days in the freezer it discolors and gets a gummy disgusting texture. Spend a couple dollars more and get Turkey Hill or Edy’s!
I've bought this twice (shame on me). Both times the ice cream was... stretchy, gummy. This is something I'd usually attribute to old/expired ice cream. But both were well within their expiration. So this tells me it's just it's natural texture, which is.. unpleasant.
Ice cream’s texture sort of resembles mousse, oddly airy, no amount of creaminess that you’d expect with ice cream.
The FYFGA banner always denoted quality & a healthier product. It seems Wegmans standards are slipping. Regardless of what the FDA states, foods made with thickeners and gums isn't necessarily the best alternative. I would've expected better (and fewer) ingredients from a product containing FYFGA banner. And let's admit the truth: ice cream isn't necessarily food you feel good about & to claim that it is is misleading. This is not a health food not a healthier alternative. There are better products out there, like Turkey Hill Natural.
This has really good flavor and is creamy.
Very rich vanilla flavor
The taste is ok, but after eating some one night and going back a few nights later it turns much darker and has almost a gummy texture. Only buy this if you plan to
Delicious ice cream, very creamy.
Even my 6year old noticed the lack of cookie dough...
Just right cookie dough and chips! Great ice cream.
So many pieces of cookie dough!!
There were extremely few cookie dough chunks (maybe three) in the whole carton of ice cream. The base ice cream flavor was delicious, just was lacking cookie dough chunks and chocolate chips.
You must try this if you like cookie dough ice cream
Creamiest, best tasting mint chip I ever had....I couldn't resist,  I was eating it every night!
Its mint chocolate chip ice cream. Its good, taste minty, and is now green. Big whoop. Its ice cream, color doesn't matter. If you like mint, I'm confident you will enjoy it.
Yay, it’s green now!  This reminds me of the mint chocolate chip I used to love when I was a kid.  I just haven’t bought any mint chocolate chip ice cream in so long because it didn’t seem as appealing without its green hue, but we don’t eat anything with artificial colors.  This is a wonderful compromise- love that Wegmans uses natural foods to add this color- thank you!
Very disappointed that Wegmans destroyed their very basic mint chip ice cream with food coloring.I guess we have to buy the premium mint chip in the smaller carton to get the good stuff.Boo!Michelle P.Fairfax
So delicious.  Lovely chai flavor with a creamy texture
Love this flavor but mostly chocolate. Peanut butter is too subtle
We find the flavor unsatisfying:  not very chocolaty nor peanut buttery.  It would be wonderful if Wegmans would use the same chocolate as they do for their Light Chocolate Indulgence ice cream.
Thank you Wegmans for finally making the half gallons FYFGA. We bought this flavor today. Oh wow. Yes. Very very good. It actually tastes better now. Definitely very good ice cream now.
Very fudgey!
Wegman’s makes the best ice cream bar! We purchase these all throughout the Summer. We have tried other brands, but Wegman’s is the best.
Awesome price and flavor. I wish they would clean up the ingredients like an earlier review suggests, but for now I will keep buying them.
As a fun summer treat, these can't be beat. Tasty and affordable. I can't keep them stocked long enough to enjoy them often between the husband and kids.
Delicious. Way better than target brand. The chocolate is nice and crisp. But I wish they'd clean up the ingredients a little bit. Especially corn syrup.
This ice cream is all natural and boy oh boy is it terrific!  I loved this ice cream so much that I now want to  try the other Wegmans ice cream flavors. I definitely
I love Neapolitan and this one is really good! Strawberry chunks in the strawberry, the chocolate has a great flavor and the vanilla is sweet without being cloying.
This is my new favorite vanilla chocolate chip. Super creamy, doesn’t taste artificial and simply delicious. I like the other Wegmans ice creams as well.
10/10 so good. The ONLY thing I dislike (but the overall creamy goodness and cookie dough gobs override and make it 10/10) is that the choc chips are so small and hard that they hurt my teeth a bit. 

Update the recipe and/or make a just cookie dough one and you will playing with God. 

Also, I would pick this as my 1 item for being stranded on a deserted island - ha.)
Nice flavor
Wegmans makes great ice cream. Creamy and delicious. And chocolate chip is the best!
This is seriously the best ice cream ever!
Why didn’t I buy this before? This is super delicious ice cream....and you cannot beat the price! I believe this is one of the best ice cream flavors there is.
This is unbelievably good.  The taste is amazing, and we are hooked.  Stop me before I buy it all.  It’s that good.
The mix of flavors is superb. I'll never eat another ice cream.
Add bananas a little chocolate sauce whipped cream and a cherry and your set!
The pretzel pieces are so crunchy, love the fudge and pb swirls in this... Def buying again, this 9 mos pregnant mama is very happy haha
Wegmans  ice cream is the best hands down. With their wide variety of gluten free flavors I have never tasted one I didn’t like. Plus it’s half the price of band name.
wish I knew when it goes on sale again so I can stock up
I bought these because when I was younger I loved these but I should have bought a different brand because for only 6 small bars 2.99 isn't a good price and their isn't enough crunch on them.
These are so great, just like the name brand. They are addicting, you can't have just one!

The quality is perfect, very good flavor, much better than some other store brands.
This is our family's favorite ice cream. It doesn't last long in our house, but we have never had soggy cone pieces if it does.  My only complaint about this ice cream is that I went to buy it and it was out of stock!
The cone pieces get soft after a few days.
Apparently there is some nationwide shortage of "crunchies" because these bars are practically naked. In all seriousness though, this is pretty much false advertising; I've opened up two of these bars so far and both of them look absolutely nothing like the picture on the box. There is a big difference between being coated in crunchies and having a pinch of them on either side. I usually think of Wegmans as one of the few stores with decent store-brand products, but these things are just pathetic.
The ingredients still use partially hydrogenated oil, which have been banned by the FDA.  Steer clear!
My boys love these & ask for them every weekend.  Love how quick & easy they are to bake
These are biscuits not rolls I was really disappointed.
Odd taste, hard to explain only that it doesnt taste like food.
A little too sweet for me
This is my new absolute favorite now. Hopefully it's not a seasonal flavor or a sporadic item that's hard to find.
Seriously delicious!!!!
My grandma loves almond joy and she LOVES this ice cream.. she said it’s her new fav!
If you like Almond Joy you’ll love this ice cream!!  I was very pleasantly surprised!
I love this icecream its my favorite!
Leaves a Nasty cheap chocolate taste in your mouth. I don’t recommend.
Of all mint choc chip ice creams on the market, this is #1 always top choice !!
delicious love it just like eating a creamsicl;e without a stick
This is my new favorite ice cream!
Lower fat content yet still decadent.  So good!
I agree with the reviewer who said this is like what Breyer's vanilla used to be before Breyer's jumped on the Gum Bandwagon (guar gum, cellulose gum, tara gum, xanthan gum, etc) with every other non-premium brand (and many premium brands, including Ben & Jerry's) - except it's even better than Breyer's ever was.

It amazes me that this is only the seventeenth most popular ice cream at Wegmans, only the seventh most popular vanilla ice cream, and only the third most popular Turkey Hill vanilla ice cream. Frankly, it's so wonderful and so much better than the others that I can't imagine why anybody would ever buy any other brand or flavor, why it's not the only ice cream Wegmans or anybody else sells. People must never have tried it, or maybe most people LIKE gums in ice cream and that's why nearly all brands use them. It's a mystery to me.

Containing only milk, cream, sugar and vanilla - NO corn syrup, no gums, and no other weird ingredients that don't belong in ice cream, like maltodextrin, diglycerides, carrageenan, etc, whatever they are - it's so delicious I have to force myself not to eat the whole carton.

It's light, creamy, fresh, perfectly flavored with vanilla, and never sticky or slimy like the gummed ice creams. When it melts it turns into cream, not glue. It's wonderful.

It's really the best vanilla ice cream - which means the best ice cream period - in the world, and amazingly it doesn't cost a cent more than its gummy competition. I only hope and pray that its relative unpopularity doesn't cause Wegmans to drop it, because my heart would surely break if they did.
We always bought Breyer's ice cream until they changed their formula and added other "natural" ingredients. The texture of their ice cream changed and we went looking for a substitute. Turkey Hill came out with a Philadelphia style ice cream that is perfect, great taste and texture. Highly recommend especially if you liked the OLD Breyer's.
This vanilla bean ice cream will leave you wishing they didn't use artificial ingredients in any ice creams, it was just that tasty.  The taste is slightly more natural, but boy it is so good I have been buying exclusively Turkey Hill all-natural since I first had some.  The missing .5 star is from the regular price being a bit too high at $4.19, if it was closer to $3.50 it would receieve at 5 star
Tastes just like the Maple Walnut Ice Cream that I remember from my childhood when we traveled the PA Turnpike on our way to Ohio every year! You can not find this flavor any other place!
Great if you can’t eat sugar but want chocolate!
I have tried every bread on the market and they hated them. Brought this home now can't keep it on the counter.
Thank you, Wegmans!
We have used this bread for years & loved it but about a year ago the bread began to feel almost wet & was impossible to make a grilled cheese with we no longer use it.
I’ve bought this bread at least four times, trying to get some good grains in my bread. I cannot eat the true whole grain bread due to health reasons. This bread molds very quickly with just sitting on my kitchen shelf. Each time I bought it I thought that the bread would be used more quickly than the last time, but no it wasn’t, and the mold would appear at day four or five after bringing it home. The other problem is that the bread shrinks and doesn’t get crispy brown if you try to make a grilled cheese sandwich with it. I really tried to make this bread work for me, but I stopped buying this Wegmans bread.
Soft, delicious.  We don't like the taste  of   wheat breads. This is a great alternative  to white bread, too.  We use it for sandwiches, toast,  and French toast.
I’ve tried many other organic white breads but this is the best one.  It doesn’t have the odd taste that others do. Toasted nicely, crisp and chewy
I use to love this bread; now it is way over baked and the crust is darker than the the wheat bread.  Not sure why you started burning it.  It was not soft like it use to be.
Bland and untasty. I detected the bitter taste that Wegmans bagged breads have had since the recipes for all the breads were changed a while ago. All of the new breads I have tried have been bad. The bagged breads used to be very good, but the best of all was the oat bread. It was hard to find, because it wasn't often on the shelf. I once saw someone with a shopping cart completely full of the oat bread. Another time I met a woman who was buying 2 loaves so she would have one in the freezer the next time she couldn't find it. Since the recipes for the bagged bread have changed, I only buy bakery bread, when I haven't had the time or energy to make my own.
I had to start a dairy
The Oatmeal bread is awesome!  It stays fresh for a week or more.  Fits in to my nutrition program perfectly.  Great with honey and peanut butter.
Delicious, I shop at Wegman's just for the organic bread and the wide selection of vegan food.
Hubby likes his bread; me, not so much. I try to buy breads from him that are nutritionally sound, are HFCS-free, and have a palatable taste. This one makes us both happy. It's soft and flavorful enough for him and seems to stay fresh once I get it home. It toasts up nicely in my toaster oven and stands up to peanut butter and jelly.
One of the reasons I shop at Wegmans is for the great variety of allergy-friendly products, so I was very disappointed when my local Wegmans stopped carrying the dairy-free/soy-free bread I used to buy and replaced it with this more expensive yet inferior product. This bread is cut too thin and burns even on the lowest toast setting, but it doesn't taste very good when it isn't toasted either. Please do not eliminate allergy-friendly products in favor of leaving people with only the option to buy your own product. It is hard enough to shop as it is.
Stays fresh far longer than other brands thanks to the packaging. Great for fresh breadcrumbs as well.
Great for French toast
A
100% so grateful this is in-store now. It tastes JUST LIKE BREAD and lets me and my dumb diabetic butt have french toast and sandwiches. PLEASE KEEP IT IN STOCK THANKS.
I bought this one day when looking for a white bread with higher fiber. Realized later it was also low-carb! You would never know. Not only tastes like regular white bread--it tastes better!
This is the best bread! Thank you for carrying this!!!
I’ve only ever been able to order this on amazon so I’m very excited it’s in the store. It’s low carb bread that tastes like regular bread.  Very much worth trying if you haven’t already!
Tastes like regular bread.
Thank you Wegmans for considering the needs of diabetics. and supplying this item on your shelf.  It is the best bread for diabetics.
Best Low Carb Bread
Have been buying it for a while now, the most recent family pack had me jump on here to leave a review. Not sure what’s changed, but it’s even better now!
Kids & spouses will never be the wiser when you buy this slightly healthier whole grain version of bread. It looks like typical white bread & tastes the same! I always buy this as an alternative to traditional white bread. Priced right for a double pack of large loaf bread. This is a staple at our house!
The bread is very inconsistent in freshness.  Slices always feel stale although its well withn stamped date
Am I noticing a different texture? Is this a new recipe? If so i like it..its like that homemade feel and taste.
Not like other brands where the bread sticks to the roof of your mouth very soft and tasty last along time as well i keep it in the fridge once I open it good price for two loafs
Soft chewy interior. Hard flaky crust. Good taste
I wish this was more sour. It’s not completely without, but it lacks. I like the crust and the texture though. Great with soups.
This sourdough is not good at all. It has no sourdough flavor, the crust is hard, the inside is tough and chewy as though it had been kneaded too much, and it’s too wide to fit in a toaster well. How do I go about complaining to get the old sourdough bread back??
It's very good and I grew up on SF sourdough.  The flavor is just right, crust is chewy,  soft and mildly tangy airy interior.  Perfect plain or toasted.
We stored this in fridge and it still got moldy! It was moldy on 15th even tho expiration date was 18th. Won’t buy again.
From reviews it looks like these have been out for a few years but we only recently found them. They are perfect. Soft and pliable once warmed up a little. Great flavor. Finally a pita I can eat.  I can only handle so much of heavy bread products. These are great with breakfast and perfect for that afternoon tuna sandwich.  Planning on trying the other flavors. Thank you Wegmans for bread products I can finally eat
Excellent pita that is moist, chewy, and flavorful. We much prefer it to the non-Wegman’s brand that we had expected to be better.
I prefer the hearty grain and then the whole wheat ones over these but these are good too.  I like them torn apart and toasted to eat with hummus.  I also use them as a pizza crust.  I love that they are organic.
Found these to be very brittle and was very disappointed with the taste. I tried to use this in authentic Gyros but found the sweetness too overpowering. There is way too much cane sugar in this product to work for me. Not sure what flavor profile you were trying to create but it doesn't work.
I bought these because the regular white mini pitas were not available. I found these to be very dry, easy to break, and generally not very tasty.. I think they would, however, be very good brushed with garlic butter and toasted in the oven as a pita crisp.
The app says they carry it at my store but it's not there talk to people at work there they don't carry it should update your app
These are delicious and the combination hits the spot.
I agree with other positive reviews. Compared to other gluten free breads this is the best tasting. La Brea bread company makes delicious bread- I am happy to find they make a gluten free product as well.
The way my local Weagman's promotes this brand infuriates me. Sitting front and center next to the other gluten free products, I purchased this bread. Only to find out after a horrible 'gluten-attack' that this product is made in a facility with wheat. I informed the staff but weeks later I still see this bread front and center. Every time I pass by it angers me because people with Celiacs may purchase it thinking it's a safe product.. but you have to read the fine print. Annoying.
The best Gluten Free bread on the market!
Best gluten free bread I have ever tried
This is the most "bread" tasting GF bread I've had. Unlike other gf breads, you don't have to toast it to make it edible.
I bought this within four days of the expiration day, and it was awful.  It was hard and too dry to eat as bread.  It was even worse as toast.  It was like eating  charcoal with butter on it.  I waited a long time before I could find this, and was excited when I did.  I feel like bringing it back for a refund, because it’s that bad.  I never bring things back, but this bread is making me rethink that.  Canyon Bakehouse is much better.  This was a severe disappointment.  I took two bites before I gave up and  threw the toast out.
Best gluten free bread I've tried so far
Great for grilled cheese for my kids
Flavor and texture were both poor.
Holds up to mustard. Doesn't taste like sawdust.
I’ve tried bread from a handful of gf brands and this one is amazing! I first had the multigrain type at a friend’s house and didn’t even notice the fact that it was gluten free while eating it, which has never happened for me before. So I was pretty excited to buy some for myself. It is a bit pricey, as is most gf bread, but it’s good enough to justify buying every couple weeks or so.
I wwas diagnosed with Celiac Disease almost 5 years ago and have been following a strict gluten free diet ever since. I have tried at least 90% of what's out there that is gluten free and this is hands down the best gluten free bread (and brand). It is NOT a regular, wheat flour based bread so of course it will not be just like regular bread. But this is going to be the closest you'll get. My family, including my picky 4 year old, loves this bread (and prefers it to regular wheat loafs)!
And I know it can never compare to Wegman's Brand White Bread that we're used to - but this is really not going to work for a 5-year old that loves PBJ sandwiches on white bread and now has to go GF.

He ate one bite of the sandwich. Made cinnamon sugar toast with it the next day - he ate 4 bites. But the texture and taste is just 'too far off' of what he's used to.

Others have written this is the best one available so that's why I picked it as the first for us to try - so I'm hopeful that over time we'll adjust to this - but this certainly isn't "Classic White" like I had hoped would be an easy transition.

Going to use it tonight to make French Toast - too expensive to let the remaining slices go to waste.
I've recently given up wheat, and had been disappointed at another brand of GF bread I'd tried. I wasn't expecting any better when I bought this, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a nice, firm texture, which is better for your digestion than fluffy, soft breads. And the taste is so wonderful! (:
I have been recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease and was thrilled to find Wegman's dedicated Gluten Free section in the store. I couldn't believe it when I found a loaf of bread that was fresh-- not frozen. I took it home to Ontario and was amazed at the taste and texture. The best GF bread I've ever had. It tastes like the regular white bread that I've been eating for years. Thank you Wegman's.
Excellent taste and texture!
This bread is great with or without toasting. Excellent taste and texture. Also doesn’t contain soy.
Great texture and taste. Canyon Bakehouse makes the best Gluten free breads.
Best gluten free bread I've had in my 6 years of being gluten free.
It has a strong egg taste. Cost is a little higher than most gluten free bread.
Cannot say enough good things about this brand. Have yet to find a product I  dislike from them. Wish I could purchase country white from them here instead of at other grocery stores, but this is a close second.
I like the larger slice size and the bread is delicious.
No soy, dairy, gluten or corn - and it looks, feels and almost tastes like "real" bread. You can toast it, fry it for "grilled cheese", freezes and thaws nicely... the best bread "substitute" out there right now!
Makes great grilled cheese. And I like it instead of a hamburger bun. Like all GF bread, better when toasted.
I have bought this bread for close to two years.  For awhile, I bought the large slices from Udi’s. Those were soft and
This is the single best gluten free bread I’ve had. The current name of the bread in the app is “honey wheat” but please note it should be “honey white.”
But very costly
This is a great sandwich bread.  It’s soft and has a great taste.  Love it.
The best gluten free bread!!
This is the only bread you need! Great sandwich bread, great for making garlic bread, great for absolutely anything.
Great for kids sandwiches.
This is not good. It’s expensive. It doesn’t improve by toasting (which is true of most Gf breads) and half the loaf was broken when I got it home so I spent $5 on four horrible slices of bread.
This bread crumbles easily, is too small for sandwhiches, and does not taste very good
The original Udi's is much better. I tried this because i thought my daughter would like it, but we agreed it's too soft, too gummy and she said it gets all gummy and sticky while eating. 2 stars because i love Udis, but continuing with the omega flax and fiber kind. Won't purchase again
enjoy the bread baked as we need it
Just let it rise on the counter all day and bake when you get home. Perfect!
This bread is soft and nice and dense...tastes like an expensive homemade bread. My son prefers white bread, so I'm glad there's an organic option.
Soft tasty organic bread. My mother prefers white bread and I am happy to serve her an organic and Non-GMO alternative to commercial varieties
This may be my new favorite gluten free bread AND it’s vegan, meeting both of my dietary preferences!! The taste and texture are delightful, it reminds me of white Italian bread that I used to eat!
This GF bread can be eaten without toasting!  Tastes and feels like the real thing...but hey...I have been GF 27 years.  This is the best loaf of GF bread I have ever had.  For a great treat...try with dairy free Nutella (Nocciolata)!!!!
This is by far the best bread we have found that is gluten, dairy, and egg free.
Dont like canola oil in bread but atleast its not soy oil like all other whitebreads.
Due to dietary restrictions, I must have a low glycemic, low fiber bread.
Tried this product and have been very pleased with it.  It is important to note that there is a five day shelf life after thawing. I do not like to keep the bread frozen  (it is difficult to take slices out one at a time when it is still  frozen). The bread tends to crumble past the shelf life, but I do make bread crumbs for use in several recipes, and do freeze them.  It is a little pricey, but I think it is worth it.
Terrible bread. Breaks. Gummy. Toasting doesn’t improve it. Stop carrying it Wegmans.
You must keep it frozen and you'll have to put a butter knife between the slices and gently pull them apart but that would be the only somewhat negative comment about this bread. Defrost it in the microwave and it does not fall apart or anything like a previous reviewer has said. At least that has not been our experience at all. You can put frozen bread in our toaster and it defrosts it and toasts it perfectly. It is the only gluten free bread my son likes as all the others are too dry for him. This bread makes great french toast to my son's liking and we've made almond butter and jelly sandwiches with it and it does not fall apart. We've never noticed a smell either. The slices are larger than other brands that we've tried and is better for cold cut sandwiches. Most gluten free products are pricey but if you have to eat gluten free, you expect to pay the price.
It looks like normal bread but it sure doesn't taste or smell good. It has a funky smell even if you toast it and it literally falls apart on a sandwich. Very expensive as well. Would not suggest this brand to anyone.
Pretty good .. not chewy or hard or dry like most gf breads!!
Enter Comment Body
Not sure who you have in the taste test department but they need to be fired. The flavor on these chips is the equivalent to licking the outside
I love these barbecue chips.
These chips are cheap but very tasty!
Far too salty
Sometimes great, sometimes not. Probably depends on which type of oil they were fried in, but there's no way to tell before you buy it.
These taste a lot like Lays, light, crispy and delicious with only three ingredients and a great price!
These are great potato chips, and they're a bargain even at their regular price. They're incredibly light, crisp and delicious, with exactly the right amount of salt, and not hard like kettle-cooked chips. All brands of potato chips vary in taste depending on the mix of vegetable oils the particular batch was fried in (corn oil makes the best-tasting chips). These Wegmans chips are always as good as Lays and often better, at about half the price. I like these super-thin, flat-cut potato chips a lot more than thick corrugated chips like Ruffles and Wavy chips. Corrugated chips and hard, kettle-cooked chips hold up better to dips, but I don't eat dips.
These taste like the salt & vinegar chips I used to get as a child every time we crossed the border, at the duty-free shop in New Brunswick. Almost a malt vinegar, not as pungent as Lay's. The ruffles give them a nice heft, too - these are a great chip!
I tried these for the first time and they did not disappoint! Don't buy if you will feel bad about eating an entire bag
I tried these as they were out of my usual brand. I don't usually care for "ruffly" chips. The taste is superior to leading brands. Great balance of salt and vinegar flavor. Add to this a good value, these are my new favorite.
This is the least flavorful chip ever. It taste more like plain then salt and vinegar. Give this the tang it needs and the vinegar flavor. This needs a rework.
The old salt and vinegar chips were sooooo good but the new ones are hardly salty! It's hard to find good salty vinegar chips anymore so it's even more disappointing when they changed what was already good. If I wanted less salt I wouldn't buy salt and b vinegar chips.
Excellent taste and unfortunately my kids like them too so I have to get two bags every time. Love the sweet, salty, vinegary flavor mixture.
These chips are amazing... big punch and amazing price. I have nothing but good things to say.
These chips are good but the flavor distribution for the chips is really wonky. Sometimes you’ll get chips with no flavor.
They changed the salt and vinegar chips to the new Himalayan salt version... Waaaay less flavorful and much less kick. Can't recommend... Change it back! The old kind was so much better!
Perfect balance of salt and vinegar. Family loves them!
I absolutely love these chips
I’m not a big chip person but I crave these chips all the time! Best chips ever!
I loved these!
Not worth the discount price...the vinegar had a bitter flavor to it.
Most brands of Salt and Vinegar chips have chemicals that make up the vinegar flavor.  These don’t have all the junk and the price and taste are great.
Salt n vinegar chips are my favorite so naturally I had to try these and I loved them. Some other brands may overdo the salt or the vinegar or both, but this Wegmans brand of chips was well-balanced. The vinegar was not overwhelming and the salt was at the right level for a potato chip. I will definitely buy these again
No Flavor ,and what’s with the cheap packaging,completely rips down the side of bag when you put your hand in to grab them.
I felt that the vinegar was too heavy and the salt was too light. Not properly balanced flavor.
Look I really like most of the varieties of Wegmans Chips. These are the worst! They taste nothing like vinegar AT ALL. They are sweet. Weird and nasty. I would not recommend buying these.
The previous iteration of the Wegmans brand of salt and vinegar chips had much more kick and was much more flavorful... Now it's quite weak... Can't recommend. :(
Wegmans... the old flavors were consistently sold out.  Why change it to a worse tasting  chip that sits on the shelf?
Too salty and sometimes inedible
These are awful, they have no flavor. The old Wegman's Salt
I created an account just to leave this review. And ive never left a product review on ANY website. What were you thinking changing the salt and vinegar chips?! They were amazing and in high demand at my wegmans. They were the only variety that sold out consistantly. To the point that if they were in stock I bought 10 bags or as many as they had left if there wasn't 10. I would go to wegmans just for the chips.. Whether i needed other groceries or not. The old style was incredibly unique and no other brand came close to being as great. The only brand of salt and vinegar chips id eat or purchase and my fiance felt the same way. We always praised them during any chip/snack food discussion. I don't know what we are going to buy now. Because these new ones taste horrible. There was nothing wrong with the original formula.. If it aint broke dont fix it. Im so upset.
Good, but the previous salt and vinegar chips are better.
I like the old salt and vinegar chips a lot better. For some reason, the pink Himalayan sea salt just doesn’t mesh well with the vinegar. Unfortunately in this case, the low price isn’t enough to sway me.I’ll probably go back to buying name brand chips.
Tastes just like the name brand and cheap!
These are not Jalapeño flavored.  They are onion and garlic flavored, and jalapeño is not listed in the ingredients.  They are not horrible, but the bag should have a big ol garlic bulb on the front instead of jalapeño slices.
Just the right amount of spice. Dangerously addictive.
These are great! They have a nice jalapeno flavor with some heat on the back end. Super crunchy. Bought these because I get the Ms. Vickie ones at the sub counter but I like the Wegmans brand better.
My favorite kettle cooked chips ever
TASTELESS & GREASY
These are good but i prefer name brand options
These chips are good, not as salty as I would like and therefore not as flavorful as some national brands. I will say the packaging with the resealable bag is genius. I'd buy again although this will not be my regular chip.
Kettle chips, love the crunch. Wegman's brand good, not too oily. Can easily go head to head with national brands. The great price means I can get good tasting kettle cooked chips and not have to wait for name brands to go on sale. These are winners!
Used to be 5-stars. We loved these chips Pre-covid, since then they have lost the strength of their flavor and become rather bland. At first we thought it was a hiccup during the transition to some new procedures, but after giving them 6+ months to fix it we have decided to find a new chip. Please bring back whatever formula existed Pre-April 2020
These are hit in my house. A little hard to find in stock sometimes, but worth it
I could not disagree more with these other recent reviews. The chips deliver exactly what they promise: Buffalo flavor with a hint of blue cheese. There's heat there, but it's still less than that of jalapeno chips. Definitely give these chips a try
Awful. Acrid vinegary overly hot. Not a hint of blue cheese. Taste like like old film developing darkrooms used to smell. And why are called "Buffalo style"? Do Buffalonians not have a sense if taste? Leave these things on the shelf.
Had high hopes for this Wegmans product, but like other products that have the “Food you feel good about” banner, these chips are sub par. 
These chips are nothing more than salt and vinegar flavor with “FYFGA” food coloring and flashy packaging. 
Buy the Lay’s instead.
My wife and I were disappointed. Other than surprising amount of heat they had no taste. Could not detect any blue cheese flavor.
I was upset when they were no longer available. I'm glad they are back. I wish they weren't always out of stock.
Great favor! Big hit in this family! I would have like alittle more heat but the taste is good!
I am a freak for buffalo wing flavored snacks and most out there wimp out and are not bold at all.

THESE are pretty good with a decent amount of buffalo heat and a nice hint of blue cheese.
The flavor was perfect. It had the perfect balance of blue cheese and buffalo hot sauce! Will be buying these again soon!
I like Wise much better in a regular chip. These will do when Wise not available (This store seems to shove Wise products aside)
These taste like French fries!
I loved the flavor of these chips. Will buy again.
Great flavor.
All my local Wegmans have forced these ruffled Avocado chips upon me and they just aren’t as good as the third party they no longer carry.
Got these to eat with French onion dip and the whole bag was full of broken chips... none were big enough to dip. The chips could only be used on a casserole. Waste of $5!
Very brittle chips. Newly opened bag contained mostly small pieces. Even larger chops broke apart when trying to dip.
...this is a good product to start with.  Has an odd, but bland flavor.  They are not like the type of potato chips where you can't stop eating them.  These are more like where you eat a couple and then maybe a couple more and then say "ehhh" and close the bag.  I got the bag free with a coupon and figured it was worth a try.  I wouldn't actually buy them.
I wasn't impressed at first, since wavy chips are pretty much wavy chips, I thought, plus these were way overpriced. But after using a coupon to get one bag, then two, I must admit they have become addictive. You can't just eat one! And who would want to? They're perfectly salted, plenty crunchy, and maybe a bit healthier than other chips. Five stars, minus one for pricing.
Bought this chip and one of “Good Health” kettle chips in avocado oil for Bills game.  All guest agreed this was a bad chip. Over salty, oily and bag opened with very few intact chips.  You could not use Bison dip because the chips were in too small of pieces.  We use many Wegmans brands daily but this will not be one of them.
These potato chips are a perfect balance of salt and healthy oil
They are crisp and delicious 
We find we eat less ( less calories when you eat less) because the chips are satisfying 
Other chips leave you wanting something more.
Nice option for snacking at home and school. Simple ingredient list without common allergens. Tastes great. Very pleased with this option.
Bought these for a going away party for a coworker and everyone LOVED them. Plan to get these again for future parties. They are great with Chicken Salad.
They taste like pretty much any other potato chip to me, which is to say I do like them. They're a tiny bit too salty like other plain salt potato chips, but they have a nice, subtle, unique smell.
I’ve had avocado chips before that I’ve loved however I just didn’t like the flavor of this one. It leaves a weird after taste in your mouth.
Too expensive and the flavor is absolutely horrible!!!! I will never buy a bag of these potato chips again!!!!!!
Chips look and taste overcooked. They are also pretty small chips, most about the size of a pickle slice. Salt level is fine, like that it's cooked in avocado oil, but not impressed. Of course, it's fine once you've dipped it in french onion. Bag is huge (16 oz), but more expensive than chips should be- more than double the price of Wegman's regular chips at regular price.
These chips are very crisp and have a good flavor.  However, they are a little too salty for my taste.
Finally an all avocado oil chip that tastes great too! I only wish they had a smaller bag as well for the two of us.
Thanks for offering these! They’re a terrific alternative to chips cooked in other vegetable oils. The taste is great- not too salty or greasy. Texture is nice too. The bag is huge and I really feel that I’m getting a lot for my money.
There is no need for milk in potato chips!  I have an allergy to the whey in milk and never dreamed I’d have to check the label on chips. Please stop unnecessarily putting milk in all your products!
These are incredible!!! There is so much flavor with every chip, I always get more than one bag when I get them! I try to not eat snacks, but these are so good, secretly I can eat the entire bag in one sitting! If you like salt, pepper, and chips, you will be VERY satisfied with this product!
So good. My daughters and I love them. So salt and peppery. Really crunchy.
Flavorful
Why do salt and pepper chips contain whey? It gives it an off putting texture. They did not taste good at all.
These are normally my favorite kettle chips, but i bought 3 bags today, and there is no salt or pepper on any! Clearly a batch was missed or mislabeled. What happened to the quality control?
These had a great texture and crunch--perfect thickness to get the hearty potato taste, with a nice blend of seasoning and pretty minimal ingredients. Some of that seasoning was kind of loosely powdered in the bag, but that's hardly a complaint!
Love these chips!  They do have more of a mustard flavor, but that's why we love them!
Delicious !
These are not your typical barbecue chips. These are not overpowered with barbecue flavor. They have a nice light flavor of barbecue. They are crunchy. I do not buy these because they are lower in fat, rather the reasons i stated above. Try them and see for yourself. My young children enjoy them as well!
Would like to buy a full case.Love those chips,best sweet barbecue chips I ever had.
My family was very excited when these came out and bought them regularly at first. Then a few bags were stale upon opening or became stale after a very short time. Went back to Cape Cod chips and haven’t looked back. Hope they improve quality
Forget about the fact these are lower fat, not to mention lower salt. These new chips are just flat out great, period. A perfect combination of crunch, potato and salt.
Awesome crunch. Do not leave your fingers and tongue greasy like regular do.
Definitely the favorite tortilla chip in my house. Great with salsa or as a side to a sandwich, or even a few as a snack.
Awesome flavor!  And with its own natural sweet taste, it’s great alone or paired with Wegmans pineapple salsa.
They. Are totally delicious. Not salty like most chips. Great for dipping or just munching.
Our new family favorite! Perfect blend of sweet potato and corn flour in these tortilla chips.
These chips are fabulous. They are very flavorful. Can’t wait to bring them to the next family gathering
There’s a reason there were only 2 bags left when I went to buy these! My friend bought them over for a girls night a few weeks ago and they’ve been on my mind ever since!
We tried these when we had a coupon for a free bag. They were so good we bought another bag a few weeks later. Mild flavor and we liked the salt level - enough to taste, but not as salt laden as traditional tortilla chips.  We will definitely buy these again.
Unbelievably light, crispy, and flavorful. My new favorite chip!!!
A new favorite!!
These are so addicting!!! We love them!
These are addicting and sooooo good. Could be lighter on the salt, however pairs well with sweet or spicy dips/salsas.
Up there among the best chips we’ve ever had
Wegmans delivered with these chips
I've Tried Other Brands Of Baked Chips And They Just Weren't Very Good. But These Are Pretty Good Crunchy Crispy With Some Salt And They're Very Satisfying. I Would Recommend Days To Just About Anybody. You Can Also Use Them With Dip If You Choose. Lay's Has Done It Again
Why is it sweet?? Crisps should not be sweet! 4th ingredient on the list is sugar, so the benefits from the reduced fat go out the window
thease chips r so good and its nice that they r not too salty like the original ones.
Perfect amount of crunch and salt. No sunflower oil is a plus due to family allergy too.  Love these chips.
If you like dill flavor and enjoy salt and vinegar chips you will probably like these (they are a bit tangy hence comparing to S&V). I love them!
When I saw these I thought they’re either going to be terrible or really really good. They are awesome! They’re my new addiction LOL
I first became "addicted" to Utz potato chips in the 1960s while living in Baltimore, MD, and have relished the opportunities to purchase and enjoy them any time I find myself in the Utz marketing range. So good that they are now available at Wegmans stores. My dream situation: Wegmans and Utzes both coming to Ohio.
Much better than Lays or any other brand.
Just the right amount of salt. Perfect!
13B
These chips are the best even though I eat the reduced fat.Best buy is the party size(14 oz.) Wegmans is my favorite store.
              Ron
Hands down a great quality chip. Great value. Great flavors as well. Bravo Wegmans for carrying this item. We love them!
These are my favorite BBQ chips - light,crispy and perfect balance of sweet and salty.
Please stock these at Great Northern Wegmans. They’re great!
I impulsively bought these chips because they are made with avocado oil & I’m always looking for healthier food options. I really like them & recommend them if you are looking for a healthier potato chip option.
Love the chip but occasionally I get a bag that's really stale and very crunchy.
My family's favorite! Bring them back to Germantown!
Very good chips
These Avocado Chips are absolutely amazing! Made with three (3) simple ingredients, Potatoes, Avocado Oil, Sea Salt.  My family can't get enough of these great chips and everyone from pre-teen and teens to adults and even our 102 year old "papa" give them 2 healthy thumbs up!
Avocado oil is better for us than olive oil and both oils are healthy. These chips are AMAZING in taste and provides a healthy snack to satisfy the "crave"!!
LOVE these chips, I usually don’t eat chips, but these are amazing! They are crispy and I don’t get that greasy feeling afterwards. These are dangerously delicious!!
My favorite kettle chip.
I like these chip, not the most healthy snack but it helps me get that salt fix from time to time.
Nice, crisp texture, but I found the flavor to be lacking in these chips.
These chips have become a staple in my household.  The perfect addition to any sandwich!
Minimal ingredients, great crunch, and clean oil.
Use are the most amazing and addicting chip you will R eat! By the way they're in aisle 16A not 2 b.
The best chips!
I keep a stock of these chips at all times. They are delicious. I’ve tried all the brands out there with Jalepeno flavor, and none of them come close.
You can't go wrong with these chips, absolutely delicious!! My son and I and love them. I hope Lays do not discontinue this brand, it's a keeper.
My favorite two foods to eat are hamburgers and noodles but I just couldn't decide which one to eat. Then I found this godly creation which is basically a hamburger with noodles in it. It is so good even my dog will eat it.
Love having a super cheap quick and easy vegan soup!
Delicious and vegan!
Amazing flavor. And one of the few ramens that are vegan
Oriental is my favorite flavor by a mile
These might be good for stir fries, but didn’t quite fit the bill for brothy ramen.   More like a spaghetti noodle than an Asian noodle in my opinion
We bought these to make ramen at home, & they did not meet our expectations. Unfortunately, the noodles acted like a cheap spaghetti noodle that repelled the broth instead of absorbing the flavor (& our broth was awesome.) I'm still shocked that Wegmans doesn't offer fresh ramen noodles. We subscribe to one of the many food prep recipe services, & they routinely send fresh ramen noodles with any of the ramen dishes
I bought these on a whim and let me tell you; they exceeded my expectations. Not only is the texture perfect, but they take in your stir fry flavor without having to cook them after you boil. I topped my noodles with my stir fry and it was perfect. Will only use these for stir fry from now on.
Good for a quick snack
Most people start eating Ramen in college. I was late to the party. These bad boys are delicious. Cook as instructed, meanwhile, pan fry 2 eggs over easy. Toss the eggs into the ramen when you're done and stir. You're welcome.
As a ramen enthusiast, these are well work the hype! Before these became available, I had to make my own noodles to get this quality and authentic flavor/texture. Those that found them to have a strange smell are probably smelling the Kansui alkaline ingredient which gives the noodles their yellow color and "bouncy" chewiness. This is entirely normal and even desired.
I think these noodles are over rated. The texture is decent (has a good chew), but the noodles had an odd smell during the initial phases of cooking. The package did not include 'best used by date' or a recommended cook time, which I found bizarre. It simply stated cook until desire texture is achieved. Having to try a noodle every 30 seconds was sonewhat annoying.
Very easy to make and tastes great. Same noodles used in many ramen shops.
Far too salty and bland. Definitely not worth 5 bucks. Just get top ramen for this level of quality
Love most wegmans brands, but some dairy products just aren't what they use to be. I use to buy wegmans sharp Cheddar cheese quite a bit. Flavor and texture isn't good. mild Cheddar shredded cheese is better, but if I had to choose, I'd just get a different brand.
Love Wegmans but this product does not melt.  I have tried it time and time again and every time I get the same result- waxy and won't meltIf I do get it to melt I have to change the temp on my recipe or leave it in longer  which then causes my meal to burn- I had to throw away a meal I made last night bc the cheese just would not melt
I don't know what cheese they are comparing it to when they say it's waxy orflavorless
Not sure about the other reviews, and what brand name they're comparing this cheese to, but I find it lacking in the flavor department. And that would be fine because it's cheaper than name brands and sometimes you just need some shredded cheddar cheese. My issue is I normally don't get the chance to pick the name brand because the Woodbridge, NJ store rarely carries Sargento's alternative which I find to be much better despite its higher price. I would gladly pay more for what I see as a better product.
I find this cheese to taste just like the name brands.
We use this on salads, tacos, or just right out of the bag as a snack. We all like it!
The Wegman store brand cheese is waxy and flavorless. I've been trying to save money using this for mac n cheese, tacos, etc - my teen noticed and complained thinking I was trying out new recipes. The melt factor is really odd. Takes much longer and reminds me of plastic. I picked a "name" brand and made 2 batches of beer/cheese soup using store bought vs name brand - name brand melted like velvet and had much much more flavor.
good cheese
Great
Does not melt as well as Sargento or cabot brand.  Not as soft when melted.  Will not get again for nachos
No flavor but good creamy texture.
If it's all natural cheese why is it not FYFGA? Is it the anti caking agent or anti mold stuff?
Saves a lot of time by being pre-shredded. Good flavor! Believe it or not... it makes a good cheese to "experiment" with when trying new or different dishes.
Love it! Affordable too!
Great taste and relatively good price when compared to competitors.
I love this blend for pizzas and salads.
Mold in my cheese before even opening it. Very upset!!! Happened to multiple packages.
Provolone wouldn't be my top pick for cheese to combine with mozzarella for a blend like this, but the hint of smokiness it brings to the table works well.
This cheese is a great blend for making quick pizzas at home. Would definitely recommend.
It's "Mexican" cheese, so you would expect people are using it in melty, nacho-y ways. BUT beware, this stuff doesn't melt. Like at all. Stay away.
I don't understand why Wegmans insists on adding ingredients to their products that aren't a normal part of the item. Why is potato starch and corn starch added to their shredded mozzarella?

When I buy ingredients for my meals I look at the ingredient list of each item. I don't buy items with high fructose corn syrup; and when looking at cheeses, I don't want cheese that has corn starch and potato starch.

Besides being unnecessary, I think it also makes the flavor of the cheese bland.

I love to be able to purchase Wegmans brand items. But only when they stick to the basics with the ingredient list.
I am very impressed the Wegmans part-skim shredded mozzerella. The price is low and the quality is excellent. Whether I'm melting it on a sandwich or sprinkling it on a salad, it's always fresh and tasty. I like the convenience of the reclosable zipper as well. I will continue to purchase this product.
awesome quality... texture.. taste. just as Ive come to expect from wegs
Perfect for making Alfredo or topping a caesar salad
I buy this cheese often, as I do enjoy the taste, however I get frustrated with the app that it says it’s in an aisle, when it’s actually in the dairy section. So if I don’t remember that I need it, then I have to backtrack to go get it.
Excellent cheese, but the app is wrong about it's location. Located with all the other shredded cheeses, not in aisle 14a.
I use this cheese for a pasta topping, and in my layers of lasagna.  Delicious.  Just a touch gives great flavor.
I️ used to love this cheese. It tasted so similar to the regular cheddar! But they have a new orange bag and it is unbelievably bland. All I can taste is the powder it’s coated in to keep it separated. It’s awful.
I am a lactose free customer and I love cabot cheese. I especially like it this way so I can make my pizzas. Thank you so much for making lactose free naturally! Thank you Wegmans for carrying this product, don’t STOP!
Thank you for carrying the Cabot shredded cheeses. They taste the best and they are a company I feel comfortable supporting. Wish you would branch out into their other products. The butter, especially.
This is one of the most flavorful Asiagos I have ever had. They did a great job.
This is a great cheese blend!.It is great on pizza BUT MAKES AN UNBELIEVABLE SALADInstead of just putting Parmesan on your salad or having to buy many different cheeses you can just put this on a romaine salad or spinach salad or even a peach or fruit saladIt is great melted or just plainCan’t wait to try it on burgers or potatoesWow- never stop carrying this Wegmans- one of your best products!!!I would give it 10 stars if I could
Everyone in my house liked this cheese and it was a good price
This is some good cheese. Makes for a high quality pizza topper, ooey gooey melty cheesy pleases me.
Seriously the BEST cheese on the market!
These family packs are a great price. I divide the bag and freeze what we can’t use right away.
I use sharp cheddar cheese in a lot of my cooking an almost all my egg dishes, but I use it sparingly. So, in order to NOT have it go bad before its time, I separate it out into 5 individual 1 pound zip lock bags, refrigerate one and freeze the others. For me, this has worked well for years.
I have purchased this specific brand for several years now (west coast transplant), at several stores...I have NEVER had a problem with mold. It has a great flavor - I use it as one of the cheeses in my mac and cheese.
For the second time in the last two months, a brand new bag, more than a month away from the expiration date, the cheese is riddled with blue mold. I will not buy this brand again. This used to be my favorite brand of cheese. But it's turning into a waste of money.
Cabot is a household word in the northeast known for it’s quality dairy products, but so sad to see it hasn’t caught on here.  Never had a problem with mold unless it was my fault (left opened buried in the cheese drawer for way longer than it should have been. :-(
I've bought this a couple of times and it tasted fresh and I've never seen any mold as other reviews have claimed.
Dissapointed to see small flecks of blue and green in shreds. Love Cabot, can't get behind cheese that isn't all one color like it's supposed to be.
had a great expiration date but mold was growing through the entire package.  probably wont buy again.
Right from the day I bought it it had a slight yeasty smell and taste, and sure enough, it was moldy within a week. This isn’t the first time I’ve experienced this with this particular packaging.
Wegmans FAMILY PACK are always fresh and a great deal
I wish they would sell whole milk mozzarella. I wish someone would reopen Willowbrook.
This is wonderful (as well as economical) for doing a production line of lasagne.  I usually make 3 and freeze 2.  The leftover cheese freezes well.  Great product!
Great price- we freeze and use as needed. Especially like that there is no antifungal chemical added
We buy this all the time for our family but don't let the "best by" date fool you.  Use or freeze within a week.  After about 10 days it starts to taste moldy. I can't tell you how many times we've bought this and after less than 2 weeks, had to throw it out because it went bad.
We love buying this cheese! I portion it off into quart sized zip top bags and freeze all but one. This freezes really well, taste and quality are not compromised at all.
This cheese is great to use in Alfredo sauce and other recipes. I’ve even used it to make vegan beer cheese dip. Highly recommended.
So good that my non vegan friends couldn't even tell the difference!
This is a delicious vegan parmesan, the flavor and texture are both right on!
please don't get rid of this one like most good products in natures marketplace seem to be disappearing. This is a really good multipurpose vegan mozz for pizza...pasta...lasagna...panini's...grilled cheeze...casseroles. it takes a while to melt but it does eventually melt and is wonderful. The texture is actually a lot more passable eaten straight out of the package than some of the other cheese substitutes. I use 3 packages per week just in everyday recipes, very versatile!
There is a strong and distinct taste of onion/garlic which lingers. No mention on the ingredients of those being included. Caused some stomach distress.
Really good? Like their shredded stuff better than slices.
It didn't melt or brown like real mozzarella, but it tastes really good and creamy. It doesn't have that plastic feel to it like others do.
The best mozzarella substitute I’ve found in years! The whole family loves it
Finally a vegan cheese that doesn't have an ingredient list a mile long full of garbage! It melts, it smells and tastes more like real cheese than any other brand I've tried. This will be all I buy now.
Very good! I also like that it contains very few ingredients.
This is the closest to real mozzarella I have had, I would even say since it is kind of on the salty side, it is better! it even melts like real cheese!!
Melts much nicer than their regular line of shredded cheese.
The shreds are pretty tasteless and the texture isn't very good. They were okay melted for a grilled cheese sandwich but otherwise not very good. I doubt that I will purchase them again.
This is what Blaze pizza uses on their vegan pizza! I found that out and tried this because it doesn't have vegan lactic acid in it, absolutely delicious and melts nicely. Isn't an overpower flavor like some of these products.
Less is more with this cheese. It melts great. Even my kids like it.
I could not get past the rubbery slime texture.
Love the Daiya products, and this did not disappoint! It's delicious for pizzas and lasagna, also good in salads! Great for those of us with dairy allergies!
I have tried a different shredded "cheese" option and wasn't crazy about it, but my family wanted to make pizza and I didn't want to feel left out, so I gave it a try. I was surprised! Tasted great and melted very nice.
Daiya is the best-melting, best-tasting vegan cheese option I've tried in my 10+ years of vegan eating. All the flavors are good. They freeze well, and you can use them without defrosting if they're already shredded.

Daiya is good for almost everyone as it's truly dairy-free (lots of "non-dairy" products still contain milk proteins such as casein, which can cause allergic reactions), soy-free, and gluten-free.

My best tip for using Daiya is to bake whatever you're making and then turn on your broiler for a few minutes to really get the cheese brown and bubbly.
Great great cheese alternative! Melts and tastes like mozzarella!
The closest thing to 'real' mozzarella I have tried yet. It melts, it stretches, and it even almost tastes like it. Like the other reviewer said, it is enjoyed by vegan and non-vegan friends and family members alike. The only downside is that it is a little pricey for what it is, but I'm glad it's available!
I love cheese and since I became lactose intolerant I’ve missed it but this fills the bill. It melts on a burger and chili. Even good for grilled cheese.
Don't try it right out of the bag. It's not good. But paired with anything you'd otherwise put it on, it isn't bad at all!
Tastes good and melts. Not like real cheese but good enough for our family! We love this stuff!
Because of this product, my husband was able to have quesadillas for the first time in his life this month. It tastes good, melts well, and freezes if you can't use the whole bag at once. It makes a great addition to nutritional yeast based cheese sauce alternatives for mac and cheese.
We love this for tacos, taco salad, refried beans & soup. This is the only cheddar cheeses alternative we buy!
This is the best non dairy cheese ever!
This is good. If you like Chao cheese, you'll like this!
I’m so happy that Wegmans now carries this delicious dairy free cheese!!
Melts really well
I used this to make some vegan flatbread pizza and it was very good. It melted very nicely.
I do like this product a lot BUT I didn't really get the normal spicy pepper jack vibe. It has good flavor but there's no spiciness.
My family is totally in love with Daiya! Best vegan cheese on the market. Wegnans should carry all of their products!!
This unique soda has a hint of wild cherry. Only store in our area that sells it. A bit pricey though, but you can buy it by the case to save money.
no corn syrup for me, please! I call it mexicoke, which sounds like a drug cartel, but it's the real cane sugar that they're dealing.
Excellent; a return to the time when soda was drunk with moderation. The cane sugar gives a more filling and robust taste, making this a treat and worth the calories.

20 cents more than the US made corn syrup counterpart in the plastic bottle, but several times more satisfying.
Because this Coke is made with cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, it has that sharp, clean taste you remember from decades ago. Plus, if one can say this about Coke, it is healthier. Indeed, it even is less fattening, since it is more satisfying and you drink less.

Once you try this, you will never go back, in spite of the higher price. Watch for sales -- I've found this at Mexican markets for $1 a bottle.
Now why in the world would I bother writing a review of Coca Cola?  Well this is Mexican Coca Cola sold stateside.  It is pricey for the size but I consider it an indulgence.  If you like Cola like I do then it doesn't matter.  How does this version differ? Quite simple. It is sweetened with natural cane sugar as opposed to high fructose corn syrup.  This results in a less sweet more robust cola flavor coming through.  SInce it's in a bottom the taste is better than when the product is dispensed from a plastic bottle or can.  My once a month 2 bottle indulgence can be found at Wegman's in their International aisle.  ENJOY!!
Absolutely love this. Nostalgic for childhood.
This is a nice yummy drink. But be warned it's very sugary sweet and kind of addictive.
This unique soda has a hint of wild cherry. Only store in our area that sells it. A bit pricey though, but you can buy it by the case to save money.
I like that this has cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, plus it tastes great! This will be my go to instead of ginger ale from now on.
Have been bringing this drink back from Bermuda for years now and I'm pleased to see it's available at our local Wegman's. Try it, you'll love it! It has just the right amount of zing. The Jamaican Ginger Beers are too strong for my taste, this one is perfect.
I absolutely love Ramune. Its a Japanese carbonated soda. It comes in so many flavors from strawberry to melon and weird flavors like curry to takoyaki(octopus). And the classic original. It doesn't have all the sugar American soda's have. Its really neat, it has a glass ball u need to pop in order to drink it. I've recommended this drink to my friends and they all love this drink. It's also the cheapest at Wegmans, I've never found it cheaper anywhere else. It's even cheaper than five below.

I wished it came in variety packs and not just one flavor of six. But its definitely worth a try :)
National drink of Scotland. 
I haven’t found many that didn’t grow up drinking it who like it. 
However, if you did then you LOVE it. It is delicious and cures everything. 
Think ginger ale on steroids!

Tastes best from a glass bottle or freezing cold can
I lived in Scotland for many years and would drink Iru Bru over any other soft drink. I have always loved it and so glad that Wegmans carries it. I usually buy all they have  when I shop there. Luckily for me, I am the only one in my family that likes it!
This is an amazing drink from Scotland that I'm glad I can get here in the states. It is literally the only soft drink I will drink.
Thanks for bringing the Legend to PA!
Did not like it
wish i get it locally (zip-code 12304)
oh it so good.
This is the best canned tuna and better than other canned tuna. Never a fishy taste,I cringe when I have to buy other tuna
Very high quality and delicious. Better than any name brand.
Bought it many times & love it with good price
Bought two cans of the solid because they were on sale.  Tuna is so densely packed that once I flaked the two cans in a bowl i had a massive amount of tuna!  This is very good tuna and I will be picking up many more cans on my next trip.  Much better than some well-known brands.
Bought this tuna because my brother in law recommended it.  Loved it and have bought it for years.  Have tried and compared many.  It really is the best.
Like others, I was SO amazed by this stuff.  I never liked tuna that much but this was SO sweet and mild.  Then aroundd 1 year or 18 months ago it changed.  I keep trying it hoping it was a glitch but it always tastes strong and fishy, which is the original reason i never liked tuna before this brand.  I even went to the trouble of contacting customer service and they were adamant nothings changed.  Shows you how little they know.  I know other people in the same boat  (put intended)  What a cryin shame.  Was a real go-to for me as a protein.  I threw out the last 3 cans without even opening.  SIgh
Really good!
Best tuna ever!  I’m spoiled for any other brand or type. Wegmans, always the best!
Best skipjack (light) canned tuna I've found. Thanks, Wegs!
I tried this tuna for the first time, and it's the best canned tuna I've ever had. I usually buy albacore, and always avoided light tuna because I've always found it "fishy" tasting. However, this doesn't taste fishy at all. It has a nice light flavor -- you can taste that and not the tin can like other canned tunas. I also like that it doesn't have a lot of sodium and doesn't taste overly salty (you can always add it if you like it saltier).

I've found my new tuna favorite. Thank you Wegmans!
I switched to this product from albacore tuna after noticing that it has many less ingredients (does not contain oil, broth, salt, or other chemicals), it is just tuna and water!!! It has lower calorie and sodium content. And happily, it tastes great! It has a slightly darker color than albacore tuna, but tastes the same.

I used to buy name brand tuna, but this product is usually the same quality or better! Definitely consider making the switch!!!
Great quality, reasonable price! Love making ahi tuna!
Why is the nutritional facts stating zero protein? This can't be accurate.
This is one of my favorite rolls at wegs - since they do not yet have a rainbow roll. Sushi Dept is stepping up with some good stuff lately. Same price as a restaurant, and worth it.
Delicious! Spicy and good. Definately worth getting.
This was the best sushi roll I've gotten there yet!  It was fantastic!
My wife and I ordered this roll as part of 3 rolls for dinner, and we had to throw all 3 rolls away. As soon as we opened it, we knew it was going to be inedible due to the stench of spoiled fish (the roll was likely made earlier in the day). I tried one piece and had to spit it out into a napkin. The freshness had a lot to be desired. My wife, on the other hand, refused to eat it. Money down the drain.
I bought this role along with the Salmon Volcano Roll on Saturday. To my dismay when I bit into the role the avocado was not ripe.  There is nothing more bland and unpleasant than an unripe avocado.  The role is usually very good, it was just disappointing.
The review comes from someone who is not a sushi enthusiast and cannot thank myself enough for sampling these wonders, I am totally converted today!!!!!!

Tried a sample at the Abingdon, MD location today and I just couldn't resist buying the package ........... I definitely needed a bigger sample for my lunch :)

It's not mouth burning hot , has a good kick, however, I must warn those who are not used to spicy foods at all, a must try for everyone else!!!!
Have been buying this for several years. The quality is consistently high. Solid tuna, easy to drain, no weird ingredients (safe for multiple food allergies). Worth the exact price and, of course, convenient because it’s Wegmans - they keep most of these things regularly in stock. (I no longer take that for granted!)
This ended up going to the dogs. I honestly felt bad about  letting them eat it.  Previously this product was good, I don't know what happened but i will not purchase again.
I thought tuna was supposed to look like cat food. Holy moly this is yum!
I was shocked when I opened my first can of this Tuna! Never will I buy another brand! It's meaty and delicious!
This actually has tuna meat in it. All the other brands, are filled with water or oil and not much tuna. The tuna in this is chunky! I will never buy any other brand. Highly recommend!
Love that its just tuna and water! Too many have broth added.
Wegmans Tuna has never had a bone or scale in it, unlike starkist and bumblebee. The tuna is always massively chunky and perfect. I've been buying this tuna for six years, keep up the great job Wegmans.
Daughter said it takes like refrigerator after having just brought it home
Excellent sushi prepared fresh, and very tasty
Good but feel like the tuna is skimpy compared to other grocery store sushi.
I find this very tasty!!!
My wife and I ordered this roll as part of 3 rolls for dinner, and we had to throw all 3 rolls away. As soon as we opened it, we knew it was going to be inedible due to the stench of spoiled fish (the roll was likely made earlier in the day). I tried one piece and had to spit it out into a napkin. The freshness had a lot to be desired. My wife, on the other hand, refused to eat it. Money down the drain.
Enter Comment Body
I'm a chef, I love quality sushi/sashimi in all incarnations. The spicy tuna rolls I got for dinner tonight were great (other than being mild compared to what I was expecting#. I shared them with a friend who had previously stuck with "surimi" #fake crab) california rolls. I will certainly be comin' back for more, Fredericksburg has been lacking a decent grocery store-based sushi spot since Ukrops closed a couple years ago... Glad to see that's changed!
High quality. I like this tuna salad on toast with some nice cheddar, but it’s also good eaten as a salad on a bed of lettuce with tomatoes, etc.  Definitely not the ‘cat food’ sold by many stores!
Grabbed this for easy sandwich making and do glad I did. Love this tuna salad, not heavy on the mayo, which I prefer. Will be purchasing again.
Delicious! Mild flavor, all fish (nothing yucky). Great value and more eco-friendly. Thrilled Wegmans carries this.
Other speak of it being pricey, but you get what you pay for. This is not just tuna, but Albacore Tuna. Where does Albacore Tuna not cost more?
I bought this for the first time because a coupon was offered. It is a little pricey. The package said not to drain it,so i didn't. But it was still a little dry for me. The tuna taste AND aroma  was surprisingly mild. Will i purchase it again? Probably not because of the cost.
I tried a couple cans of this, trying to save a little money over the Wegmans brand. Big mistake. There is no chunk or pieces to this tuna, its more like cat food mush, which is exactly what I ended up using it for. I will stick to the Wegmans brand from now on.
I've recently been diagnosed with celiac disease so imagine my surprise when I opened my sushi and found GLUTEN FREE soy sauce.   The taste was great, it was fresh and I will be purchasing this again
Tasted good, but they weren't spicy without the included wasabi.  Still high quality.  A good amount of tuna in each.
These were fresh tasting with just enough spicy sauce to give them a kick but not enough to overpower them. You could really taste the tuna.
As good as you’ll find in any sushi bar. And since I have celiac disease, it’s also good to know that all their sushi is gluten free.
I have not had anything from there that was bad. Admittedly, I'd prefer to go to a good sushi restaurant but Wegman's is as close as you'll come to the best grocery store sushi hands down.
Excellent!
I would love to order this but nowhere does it say if it comes with sushi rice. Sashimi is served with a bowl of sushi rice served on the side. I also don't see anywhere you can purchase just a bowl of plain sushi rice to accompany the sashimi. If I have to make sushi rice at home it sort of defeats the convenience of ordering the Sashimi for delivery. It looks delicious, just wish it said wheater it comes with a side of rice or not.
When I saw this in my local Wegman's I couldn't resist.  I've always adored seared ahi tuna, though I confess I had not much hope that this would taste anywhere near as good as it should- considering the ingredient.  But I was wrong.  Despite all my bad luck buying sushi anywhere but legit restaurants, this dish was everything I could have wished for and I don't think I'll ever step into a Wegman's again without looking for it.
Loved the freshness of the fish and the sauce. My Japanese spouse loved as well.
Even though it says it isn't available in Johnson City I have found it there and treat myself. Wonderful texture and taste. I live 45 minutes away and don't often get to JC, but when I do I head for the sushi.
I love sushi and have often found it difficult to like sushi in grocery stores. However, this looked very nicely prepared in the box and I couldnt resist. I am glad to say that the gamble was worth it and this tuna tataki was awesome. Great quality fresh fish and the seasoning on the outside was so tasty. Will be buying again!
I get this at least once a week if its available. It's often sold out. Always fresh and mild.  Pepper coating and soy sauce balance well when paired with sticky rice.
My wife and I both got this along with other sushi plates for lunch. We both agreed it was very heavy on the black pepper and would be better with a more traditional sesame seed crust
Excellent taste, gluten-free (acc. to directions), no garlic or onion. Wanted some tasty "different" sashimi that fit my dietary restrictions, and this fit the bill. It is cooked some, so those looking for more traditional sashimi will want to shy away.
This tuna is so disgusting. It is the mushiest I have ever had; no bite to it at all. Add a little bit of mayo and it is basically like pudding consistency. It all slid right out of the bread in my sandwich!
Had much water in can.  Odor seemed stronger than expected.
Skimpy on the tuna, wayyyy too much zoodles and the sauce was hard to spread.
I love love the taste of this bowl. Everything is fresh and there is plenty of food for me including tuna. Just wish I knew it was good for me at over 600 calories.  Yum yum
This was very good, but I would only buy it as a treat because it is too expensive, especially considering how much tuna you get and that it is mostly quinoa and rice.
Delicious but needs more tuna for the price. I love the chili sauce and will buy it in the jar to put on everything else!  The almonds seeded a bit out of place? But I like almonds so that was whatever.
Traveled to Minneapolis recently and ate at a Hawaiian Poke restaurant with my Hawaiian niece. The only similarity to a Wegmans Poke bowl was the actual bowl. For $12.95 in a bowl of the exact same size as a Wegmans Poke bowl I received twice the amount of food (including twice the amount of top grade raw  Ahi tuna) including the most incredible tasting ingredients (most of which I had never heard of but made all the difference in enjoying a real Poke bowl).  Wegs- you need to up your game on this one. Now that I’ve had a REAL Poke bowl I’ll be following my niece’s lead and ordering my ingredients on line to make my own. Unless of course your up to the challenge to create a better bowl for $12.95!
Amazing!
You can get a much better tuna poke bowl at Core Life Eatery. Wegmans’ bowl is expensive for what you get Some of the pieces of tuna are not sushi quality and have tough membranes through it. Barely any avocado. And the dressing is more like a paste and hard to mix in. Kinda gross.
So excited see Wegman’s introduced  bowls but boy was it disappointing. First of all it’s pricey !Wouldn’t mind paying for good food but there were barely any ! Skimpy bowl with just a little lettuce few sliced radishes,few edamame, few cubes of avacado and smallest amount of not so fresh tuna that’s cut too big. It just looked pathetic !Quinoa brown rice was way underdone too ...Too tough. Poke bowl better elsewhere !!!!!!
Very yummy but a little pricey.
For $14, you'd think you'd be getting a lot more in here. Avocados weren't ripe enough, rice/quinoa was undercooked, and even with the sauce, things didn't have much flavor.
4.5 stars for taste 0 stars for the amount of sodium
Pricey, but good. Good flavors and textures, and the sauce was very good as well! The tuna could have been cut into slightly smaller chunks.
Love these but last one; the avocado pieces were not ripe!! Like chewing on the peel.
I was very excited to find sushi grade
Will buy this again.
If you don't have a good sharp knife (with a straight edge, not serrated#, then to truly enjoy one of these phenominal tuna steaks, you need to get one! If you cut the steak as thin as you can #should be able to see through it# and dip the resulting strips into the "ponzu" sauce they have at the sushi station. I have been eating ahi-sashimi for years, but this time was like the first all over agin.... The meat has a buttery texture #because of the fat content and fine grain of the muscle fibers#, it litterally melts in your mouth! The ponzu sauce adds a nice finish, the citrus flavors from the sauce play well with the natural citrus undertones of the fish. This is just personal preference, but to me the wasabi takes away from the subtle complexeties of the sashimi-grade tuna #like a USDA "prime" rating for beef, only the best makes the grade#; While the pickled ginger seems to unlock the afore mentioned subtle complexeties of such hich quality fish. The only thing better is "torro" #like Bluefin tuna bacon!), which I hope Wegman's will have available when it's in season.
Favorite sandwich To order from the fabulous selection of great sandwiches Wegmans carries. It’s not always available in every store, it seems to come and go, but it’s never gone for good and I always look for it when I’m in the store.
too mushy and has a strong tuna taste. no chunks whatsoever.
Delicious
Barely.
I liked this poke salad, but thought $14 was too much for this bowl. Price point should be in the 10-12 range.
If you Love Ahi Tuna no better Grocery store will have this salad to fill your stomach up! I Love the tempura crisps along with the almonds goes perfectly with the Tuna topped with sesame seeds and scallions! Perfect balance with the sweet & spicy sauce & arugula and zucchini noodles aka Zoodles!
Great product!
I'm afraid to sa just how good this is, because Wegmans undoes it's best stuff, tranforms it to meh, mediocre, disappears it or as with salmon, hikes the price from $17.98 to $24.98. So get this reasonably priced, delicious, healthful, wild caught so no farming disease or gmo, while you can. I prepare it in a near broil high temp roast seasoned only with olive oil and tamari (before cooking). Scrumptious!
Must cook correctly. First time I tried the broiling method it was horrible. Next time seasoned with salt, cayenne and pan seared for 30 seconds each side, not just top and bottom, in butter and olive oil med/high. Rare inside and tasted great!
I love mahi mahi from frozen department , but sometime my store doesnt carry it for long long time , so I bought this one to see if it’s same . BIG BIG mistake , very fishy , very unpleasant taste .  I will never cook frozen fish not all the way ,so eating this fish as sushi - even not a change . I will try to cook it with tons of marinade ,and hide this disgusting fishy taste . But it was my first and last pack of this fish . Such a waste of money , and especially time , that I wasted on dinner that nobody enjoyed almost raw
It's hard to find Yellowfin tuna in upstate NY. A common tropical fish. I hope they carry it in the stores again.
My husband and I LOVE these tuna steaks but they no longer carry them. Very, very sad.
These tuna steaks are good as long as you bathe them in some kind of sauce to add moisture.  When cooked, they're very dry and have an interesting, almost acidic taste that comes thru.  I prepared them in a fresh tomato based sauce with romano cheese, white balsamic vinegar, olive oil and roasted garlic.  I also shred or cut the steaks into small pieces.  They're very steak-like and I did not find them fishy at all. I tried just searing and leaving the insides red and then I tried cooking them all the way through.  Although I enjoy ahi tuna almost raw, these did not lend themselves to that preparation.  The flavor is too strong. I would buy them again knowing what to expect.
Purchased tuna steaks since mahi mahi wasn't available.  Recipe turned out great.  Tuna taste and texture was wonderful.
Was happy to see these tuna steaks as I've really enjoyed Wegman"s frozen tilapia and salmon but these were so fishy tasting that my dogs ended up with them.
I was thrilled when I saw these at Wegmans because I love tuna steaks. I've cooked them twice now and both times they tasted EXTREMELY fishy. (I know tuna is a fish, but this was beyond the normal taste)
Best ever sub, any flavor!
Love this tuna, which has no added salt or oil. It is sustainably pole and line caught.
Delicious! Won’t buy any other brand.
This tuna is very flavorful and moist. Makes the best tuna salad.
wonderful
i drive all the way from owego to shop at wegmans, when their s a grocery store 1/2 mile from me there. please get the starkist low sodium tuna in the pouch back in stock. certainly wish there was a way for you all to contact me when you do. i dont wish to drive 40 miles round trip for nothing.
I was very disappointed with how heavy and oily the taste was.  Sorry, but with the oily aftertaste I won't buy again.
This tuna far outweighs any other brand.
Best canned tuna I've ever tasted.
Received two bags substituting Two heads. Broccoli is yellowed and crushed
I ate Wegman’s broccoli on my way to gettin’ absolutely RIPPED. Would recommend!
Not mushi, firm crown.
Broccoli rules!
Perfect for stir-fry or mixed in an omelette!
Broccoli makes me feel like I'm a giant eating a forest.  Especially good when stir-fried or steamed with cheese on top.
We bought them last Saturday (04-15-2017). They are so gritty and not eatable!!!!
Thank heavens for bamboo steamers!  I separate each crown into quarters, and steam the broccoli with a just a pinch of dried mixed herbs (instead of salt) ;  it's that simple, healthy, so good ...... no cheese sauce!
The best Onions around! Firm with tight skins. Lots of flavor
Often they are already spoiled, it is not easy to identify the good ones in the store
Great snack for late night trips to the fridge
Half of the bag of onions were bad and had bruising. Could only use a few.
Told my husband to get red onions but by mistake he got this bag of yellow. Surprisingly all onions were a- ok in my previous bag that I had bought before but not in this. Need more quality control
Within the past 2 months the price of onions went from $.99 to $1.19. Why raise the price on budget friendly staples?  They advertise low prices but lower prices on things not needed or unhealthy items like white bread.
These were my go to cooking onions but no longer!Stopped buying awhile ago but decided to give them another try.  Last several that I have purchased do not last long--seems like they are already peeled and turn soft very quickly.  I store them correctly but mold appears not long after bringing them home. Not sure if a new supplier, new type of onion-whatever it is, I won't be buying them again.
These are always my go to onions for cooking.  Whether it is for stews or sauces they never fail to disappoint.  I have never had a problem with quality either.
A good cook needs good onions and Wegmans has the best. Even in the off-season the quality is still better than what other markets provide.
It pays to buy bulk items at Wegmans. They typically beat competitors prices. When The Sams Club was still open in Exton, before I would buy an item there, I would check my handy Wegmans app, and if Wegmans had it lower, I would wait to purchase. Wegmans prices were almost always lower then Sams Club. Im not sure why people assume Wegmans prices are higher. I typically try to educate them and spout off their prices. These onions are a great price! Every now and again there will be a black one but for the price, I will keep buying!
These are great cooking onions for the price! They never let me down
Since my last review 3 years ago, the quality of these onions has improved greatly! They are still generic cooking onions, but for the price, they are worth it! They last much longer now, and are far fresher to begin with. Thank you Wegmans!
I have never had a problem with these onions not being fresh.
Unlike other reviewers, I have never had a problem with these onions. All the same, I do examine my produce carefully before buying. I have found that, if there is an issue, the produce employees will gladly help to find what I need-whether it is an alternative or fresher stock. Also, if there is indeed a quality issue once you get them home, bring them back and let customer service know.
if I use them within two weeks they're great. which is exactly how long 2lbs lasts me so I'm set.
Soft and bad both times I've bought these. Terrible.
Like the previous reviewer, every time I've purchased these onions, I've been disappointed. They are soft, with green centers, and go moldy VERY quickly, even when stored properly.
Sorry, but these onions are not a good value as they are soft, have green centers and the layers of black smudged layers needs to be peeled off leaving only half an onion. Better off paying more and buying one onion of another variety. Over the last year, every time I buy them, they do not last very long before becoming totally mushy and smelly. I do store them in a dry cool place, so my only guess is that it is a sad variety of onion.
I needed two bags of the baby carrots and when I picked them up from the John Glen store produce cooler, the bags were full of water, some had to hand leaked onto others because the outside of the bags were wet too. I bought them because I would be using them in less than 24 hours. I will still rinse them thoroughly so that they won’t be slimy as the carrots tend to be after sitting in a bag with too much water in them. I wish the producers would find a balance between a too wet carrot and a too dry carrot. I haven’t tasted them yet.
This is a good deal for the quality you get. I like to chop them up and put them into soups, or saute them in my tomato sauce for sweetness.
These are too wet and thus they turn slimy white, even when they're still within their freshness date. Disappointed.
Not consistent - some bags are sweet tasting, fresh, and others not. I dd notice the printing on the bags are not the same (UPC code identical), so maybe they come from multiple sources. The better Carrots seem to be cut smaller.

Pros:
Good value
Convenient, healthy snack

Cons:
Variable quality
Sometimes not sweet at all with a funky smell.
When bad, they are REALLY bad.

I will still buy these, even if I have to throw some away :-(
They're carrots. Nothing too extravagant here. Great price.
I don't buy these anymore. They are too wet and they very often smell of mildew. I have switched to the organic baby carrots and have never been disappointed.
I always buy these for my son he
Loves his fruit and veggies but this bag was packed with water and after I cleaned them they were still funky he took one bite and threw up said they tasted gross. It was a brand new bag had to toss them out.
I hope this was a rare slip up - usually your produce is super fresh. The bag had about 1/2 cup water in it. I dumped the carrots in a colander & rinsed them in cold water and let them dry but several had black spots of mold on them. I threw them away.
I won't buy any other carrots! I eat one half to a whole bag of carrots everyday, these take the prize!
Wegman's brand baby carrots are definitely superior to other competitive brands. Consistent in quality and the cuts are a great size - perfect for dipping. They are nutritious and wonderful for all age groups.
I've picked up these carrots more times than I can remember and I've never had a bad bag. There's nothing better for hummus than these babies.
I was very happy with this lettuce
My husband has been shopping for me during the pandemic, and came home with a package of romaine the other day that was way short of the listed weight - 16.26 oz. instead of 22 oz.  The package looked like someone opened it and tore off all the outer leaves of two of the romaine hearts.  No returns during Covid, this is unacceptable.  We purchase this product on a regular basis, and never had this problem before.
Ive been getting into Caesar salads but wanted to stop spending the extra dollars on the Caesar salad kit bags when I can just save and chop up romaine hearts! I wasn't able to open my bag of romaine hearts after falling Ill and on the 4th day when I felt better I thought surely the hearts would have wilted but after peeling away the outer leaves they were still perfectly fresh inside!! One cluster of hearts chopped up makes a huge amount of salad! Could easily feed 2/3 people, this whole bag could be enough for a week of salad for one person. Love this!
This romaine will last about 3 weeks in our crisper drawer in most instances. If it turns wilty, be sure to check your crisper drawer settings. It needs to be kept in higher humidity (vents more closed on the drawer). My only complaint is the packaging. It is SO TIGHT it is difficult to fit back in, and the zip close feature is weak and ALWAYS tears loose (always).
Convenient for having crispy romaine lettuce leaf that are healthy to use on sandwiches and salads!
It's never crisp in my location there's no expiration date I keep checking the bags and they're all limp
I am disappointed in this product because we have purchased many times with no issues and this is the second produce that had to be returned.
I've been purchasing this lettuce almost every week.  Isn't a $1 jump in price unusual?
We buy this and it stays good all week. Very little waste.

But watch out for substitutions -- some "Pacific" brand was mixed in once and it was very dirty.
Love these romaine hearts for salad, sandwiches, or lettuce wraps. Always fresh and crisp and they stay that way.
Buy this all the time, good quality, stays fresh, just don't like flap on bag
I was shocked by how long these stay fresh in my fridge. I can easily make a package last 7-10 days! Unlike the bagged salads, this does not get soggy after a day! Great price too, overall just a wonderful product.
this is a great product will last a week in fridge and still be crisp a little pricier but I would rather spend it and know I can eat later in the week
Stays fresh for a long time, but the bag is packed very tightly and they are hard to remove. The flap at the bottom eventually separates and makes storage and keeping fresh difficult. New bag idea is needed
These romaine hearts are a family favorite, especially our guinea pig. They stay crisp and fresh longer then any others I've tried. They are also more vibrant green than others which makes a salad or wrap not only taste better but look better. In the summertime, try them on the grill for a roasty warm side dish.
Bagged romaine that is not already wilting or turning brown can be hard to find.... I have bought this several times and have always been extremely pleased with the quality.
these are great. they stay fresh forEVER. tasty. and pretty clean already. just need a bit of a wash.
Very good! Was very pleased. I bought Wegman's baby spinach in the plastic container.
Yes, there is a stem on each leaf.  That's how spinach grows.  I'm not aware of any brand of fresh spinach that removes the stem from each leaf. This spinach is fresh and keeps well.  Most bagged greens have some wet or wilted leaves at the bottom, or throughout the bag.  I usually end up sorting out the nasty leaves.   Not the case with this stuff.  I poured half the bag into a bowl, put some dressing on it and ate my salad.  I hope it's always this good.
Always fresh and tasty!
Great for sautéing. Too many stems is my only con about this product.
Tender baby spinach greens are so easy to add to salad, a main dish or as a side. Love love them! To the previous reviewer, yes like other leafy greens they wilt and "cook down" which I'm my opinion is to be expected. It is by no means the fault of the company not does it make it a bad product! I would just buy two bags.
I buy this spinach fairly often. I've always been pleased with it whether I use it in a raw or cooked preparation. I can rely on it being a consistently good, quality product that is very convenient, saving me the time and effort of removing stems myself.
I was very disappointed with this product! One bag of this spinach is enough for MAYBE one and a half servings of cooked spinach.
I add this to my tossed salad for extra flavor. I top chicken or eggplant or make it as a side with garlic and mushrooms. Excellent value, nutritious and delicious! I have even convinced some former spinach-haters to enjoy it.
They're always fresh!
These are always just right for salads or recipes.
I cut these in half and add them to carrots and celery sticks to snack on instead of potato chips.
SUPER DUPER GOOD
These are fantastic! My son is also obsessed!
Wegmans consistently has the best produce.
Love these little cukes! They are always crisp and taste good. My five year old son is hooked. In fact he usually gets cut off otherwise he'd eat them all in two days!
I love cucumbers, but I don't want to eat a whole one. And the skin is usually tough and bitter. These little thin skinned cucumbers are the perfect snack. Not as high in carbs as fruit. But still tasty.

If you are hungry eat a cucumber.
Gagging while even writing this. Just bought this bag and chopped a few up for my kids dinner. They legit smell like the fertilizer that they were grown in. It’s overwhelmingly pungent. Will absolutely never buy again. Returning bag ASAP
Used to buy these weekly and they were always great quality, no problems. Stopped purchasing because of finding at least one bad/unusable pepper in each pack. Haven’t bought these in a while, took a chance and got a pack last Saturday. There was a rotten decayed pepper that I didn’t see when I looked them over in the store. Make sure you look the pack over really well.
I love this product and buy a bag once a week. Of course, I check the bag to make sure the individual peppers are firm and free of soft spots that are going bad, but that’s common sense when buying any produce.

The only thing I miss is that this bag used to have green pepper(s) included. There would be one or two green peppers per bag, with the rest being red, orange & yellow. The different flavor and color made for a tasty contrast, looking good in fajitas or any other dish where bell peppers shine. Wish Wegman’s would bring that mix back!
Buy almost every week. Such a good bang for your buck, and such a diverse veggie that can be used for a variety of dishes.
Delicious and worth the price. Make sure u get a fresh batch so they last up to 2 weeks I'm not sure if there's a date on them I think that's an issue at Wegmans they don't put a date on all the produce very frustrating I have gotten bags before with softer peppers but if you get them fresh there nice and crisp
I typically buy family pack produce from wegmans. I like that the peppers are nicely shaped. They taste good. All of that is pointless, if I have to throw it out. I stopped going to produce junction for this very reason. I feel like Im going to have to return there. All this throwing away vegetables, is costing me a lot of money. Its really upsetting to me. I don’t like wasting.
My go-to when I need fresh peppers! Cheaper to get this at Wegmans than other stores and even Costco and BJ's! Love this!
This is one of my favorite deals at Wegmans!!!
I just bought this package of mixed peppers, one of them is rotted and mushy.  Now I have to drive all the way back to the store to return them.  I should have looked closer at the package I bought, but didn't think I would need to since I had trusted the store.
Peter Piper would be proud of this Pack of Non-Pickled Peppers!! Excellent Price and GREAT Value. The freshness you'd expect from Wegmans at a Box Store Price... Better Even!! We buy a Pack every 2 weeks and they stay fresh as we use them one by one for salads. They easily last the 2 weeks in the re- sealable bag. Highly Recommended!!
Since I use peppers in many of my meals this is very convenient and cheaper than purchasing individually.
Aside from once, I've never had an issue with the peppers not being fresh or having something wrong with them.
I purchase these as a regular item because of the quality ,value and many ways to prepare and use these in my recipes. I also Love the handy packaging!
This reads 4 for $2.29
I ordered one thinking it was a bunch of 4. I only got one!
Misleading
Bought Last Saturday and Will Definitely Buy More On Our Next Grocery Shopping
Excellent  corn on the cob. Bought some for  my neighbor's  children, encouraged  them to shop at Wegman since, they not aware of store opening.
Bought 5 ears on Saturday. The sweetest corn I have ever had and I’m 75 yo. Can’t wait to buy more
Enter Comment Body
Purchased on 9/9/2015 expecting, as usual, a good product--especially considering the price had increased by 50% since the beginning of the season. NOT! Inedible is the best way to describe it. Not sweet corn at all, rather, it is either ornamental corn or the variety raised cheaply to feed livestock. Tough, drly, shriveled kernels, which in some spots were brownish in color. Either there was a mix-up or the produce buyers need to learn the difference. I wish I could give zero stars.
Had this last week. It was wonderful! Fresh, crisp and very tasty!
Fantastic quality and so inexpensive!
For a delicious treat, throw these on a grill then serve with a salad or burger
Wegmans has the best fresh corn in the area. They also provide bins so you can shuck the corn right there. Surprisingly a lot of other stores don't.
Fresh, sweet, yummy. Tastes like I just picked it myself.
yummy sweet!
very sweet & good!
great corn
YUM! so good, EVERY time ;)
Always fresh and sweet perfect corn every time I've bought it.
More often than not these end up being potato tomatoes... tomatoes with no or little taste and a bland dull interior structure.  Typical of mass grown hot house tomatoes.  If you want real tomatoes you have to spend quite a bit more for Heirloom or Organic (when in season) tomatoes.
Always receive nice veggies from wegmans but these appeared to have a fungus
3 of 5 tomatoes rotted overnight. not what i expect from wegmans.
Perfectly ripe.
When local tomatoes are not available in wegmans, these are the ones to buy! They are not the best in the dead of winter, but are above and beyond the best choice when you have to have a tomato regardless of the growing season.
These tomatoes are the freshest ones around!
To everyone rating this below 5 stars, if your produce stays preserved for over a week I would be more concerned than squash that goes bad after a few days. Buy food as you need it..
It’s always a chance when buying these. Sometimes I’ve had no problem. Twice though I have had them go bad within 3 days of buying. Bought on a Friday.. by Monday evening they were covered in black mold.
It seems to rot very quickly. It’s also EXPENSIVE compared to nearby grocery stores that offer zucchini at .99 a pound
Wegman's always has the best produce.
When I cut into my cucumber (only received one) it had three construction nails (yes, nail) in it. Hmm... Needless to say, we did not eat it.
The cucumbers have been horrible lately. I am not sure if they changed the supplier but they are not good. A few times I have gotten them home to eat them and they are bad.
I purchased a cucumber, and when I got home to cut it the inside was brown.
these cucumbers are so natural. who ever eats these cucumbers bon't have to worry about GMO produce
This is really frustrating.  The garlic available at the Newark New York location. Shouldn’t even be out for purchase.  Some of the heads are black in the bottom.  They are all extremely dry.  When I find the one or two beat ones and bring them home the cloves all need to be cleaned of bruised brown pits.  Also, the cloves all have a green root forming in the middle.  So, you basically have to clean them like a shrimp.  I used to by garlic here and it was fresh enough to last at my house for a couple of weeks.  I feel like Wegmans is trying to steer people towards their own brand or the more expensive brand of many products.  As someone who used to run a produce department I can say the garlic that is out for at this location would never have made it out to be sold.
This garlic doesn't look like what regular garlic is
Nice quality, and labeled USA grown.
I bought garlic here for years. Product quality is poor for all tHR same reason cited below. Now I buy garlic elsewhere. 

IS ANYBODY AT WEGMANS LISTENING?
The bulbs usually  have small cloves, with some rotten.  Bulbs do not keep long at all.  The variety is also inconsistent  - usually a very bland soft neck type.  Occassionally, they have a hard neck type that has better flavor  and keeps better - but only occasionally.
Is everyone in the reviews doing grocery pickup? Just pick a head of garlic that looks good to you and move on. Garlic grows underground so there not much reason to buy organic. Just find something fresh and enjoy
I have been buying this for years here and it is getting real bad.  Cloves are too small and when there are large ones, they are very dry.
Ive been buying a bead every few weeks for years. The garlic cloves are huge and firm.
Sometimes they do not have garlic at the Downingtown store.  Recently what they do have is broken or some of the cloves are rotten.
A quarter goes to waste because of very tiny cloves and rotten cloves.
The last few times I've gone, all the heads had missing cloves, and the cloves that were there had soft, rotting spots. Poor, poor quality.
latel most of the heads of garlic have mold on them
This garlic is good quality. You will not find many (if any) that have rotting areas on them.
Tasted horrible. Wasted 1lb of ground beef stuffing these musty tasting things. Have to buy green peppers elsewhere from now on.
I use a lot of vegetables in my everyday cooking so when I visited Wegmans for the first time last week I went right to the fresh veggies. I hardly ever find nice looking peppers in supermarkets. When I saw the loose peppers at Wegmans I was impressed. When I found a value pack with 6 huge peppers I was excited. I wasn't disappointed when I got them home either. They were firm crisp and delicious raw and had great flavor and consistency cooked. A week later the remaining pepper shows no signs of going limp and no soft spots from being bruised.
I did buy other veggies that day but finding good peppers has always been a challenge, I’m sold
These tomatoes fit my daughters small hands perfectly
These tomatoes are almost always excellent. Their flavor is great, I am always pleased. I get one or two bad ones in a container every so often and only once have I ever had the majority of them be icky. I use them in salads and with quesadillas. So good.
Next time I will have to shake my tomatoes completely... The middle of the package the tomatoes were all soft.....
These potatoes were sitting on a display with a sign "Fresh Potatoes". The sign forgot to include the date when they were actually fresh. Most of them were soft to the toch and had eyes growing out of them. I threw the bag away. We had guests coming and I didn't have time to return them. This was the second time this happened.  I wasted money on it and had nothing to serve with my main dish.
The last three bags of these have been awful. Brown mushy spots within a week and they have been stored in a cold dark place. Maybe suppliers switched?
Lately there have been a lot of green potatoes in each bag. Also, many of the potatoes are very small.
I’ve been using these potatoes for 40 years without any problems but suddenly I find that they are mushy mess. Trying to mash them is impossible because they melt into a puddle of mush and are pretty tasteless as well. They ruined one too many meals in this household
Not sure about the other reviews but these are fine for me. Got to keep them in a dark cool place and they last a week or 2.
Just bought these. I had
to throw out more than half because of  large brown spots in the middle. Potatoes were rotten inside. I have bought these several times but this is the first time I’ve had to throw them out. Not sure if I will buy them again soon.
These always go bad in 2 days!
I can not use more than half potatoes every time.
Don't know what happened in the produce dept. but these potatoes and a lot of other items have gone downhill in the last year.
not worth the price anymore.  lately the bags are half full of tiny potatoes.  this last baghad several full of spots.
I just bought these and was only able to use half the bag...the other half were rotten in the middle...will not be buying these again!
Wegmans sells the worst potatoes. I stopped buying them awhile back because they were always green, but I had to buy a bag in a pinch, and every one I sliced into was rotted in the middle. Out of 4 potatoes, I had about 2 usable potatoes in total.  Will never be purchasing again.
I buy these because I like white potatoes for stews and for mashed potatoes, but the quality is extremely variable.   I would like to suggest that Wegmans consider putting a USE BY date on each bag.  I think this is necessary for this product.  When I buy a brand new bag and use it right away,  I find I have to peal them relatively heavily and cut away quite a bit of bruising, then, I definitely have to cut them in half because many times I have gotten potatoes that look fine on the outside but are rotten in the center.  They also do shrivel quickly -- I find that under cool, dry conditions, they are really only good for about a week -- please consider putting a USE BY date on this product.
Been buying these for years , but I found a rock in the bottom of bag . What happens to quality control .That did it for me not fresh potatoes mostly rotten not worth money . Will never buy these again . Will get these from a competitor with mesh so I can see before buying !
Nice and fresh
I bought these for Christmas dinner and noticed a horrible plastic smell on the potato bag when emptying the groceries at home.  I immediately removed the potatoes to check and they all had absorbed the smell. Even after airing them out for a day, they had that smell! I returned them and could not find a replacement that did not have that smell in two different Wegman's stores. I bought potatoes in a mesh bag with no smell at a competitor.I have bought potatoes at Wegman's for years with no problem, but I"ll never buy them there again without doing a "sniff test".
I check the bag before buying these and make sure the potatoes are firm and not getting soft. Once home I use them quickly because the tend to go soft and develop sprouts within 7-10 days.They are fine to use otherwise.
Should adjust price for 4 pounds as I have to keep throwing out a pound
Maybe produce buyer should investigate supply chain
Best price on white potatoes by far
We bought two bags, after a day we found juice is coming out with strong pungent smell. Returned following day.
I started to think it was me but its too much of a coincidence that the last few bags i have bought have been awful.  They are soft and when I make mashed potatoes they come out gluey and tasteless as another reviewer had stated.  There is definitely a quality problem.  Wont purchase again.
I just bought a bag and when I peeled them they were too moist and sponges. I made mashed potatoes and they tasted like glue.
I buy potatoes all of the time and generally they last for weeks. The past two times I bought this bag they started growing eyes after a few days. The most recent bag I purchased left a leaky, smelly mess in my pantry less than a week after purchasing. I switched to buying individual potatoes that still had black spots in them when cut open. I will probably buy potatoes elsewhere from now on.
Around the holidays, these go down to only $1.49 per bag!!! What an amazing value for 5 lbs of potatoes. As to quality, I have never had a rotten bag and I have found a few small black spots but who cares?! Just cut them out! Thank you Wegmans for having such great prices.
I continue purchasing these, but many are wasted due to large areas of black spots which exist in various sections of the potatoes. These work best when cutting up so you can find all the hidden black spots. The parts of the potatoes being used do taste good.
I used them for soups, mashed potatoes and fries. it's delicious, good quality and great value !!!
See a lot of reviews saying these potatoes have bad spots. Most potatoes you get in winter time are going to have a few blemishes. I use these to make some fried Cajun potatoes and my fiancee makes some killer French Fries with them. For two dollars a bag you cannot really go wrong, as long as you know how to cook they taste great!
Bagged potatoes during winter season tend to be hit and miss. I just cut off any bad spots, the overall quality is not affected by these spots.
GOOD TASTING FOR WHITE POTATO
Wegmans Fairport never puts produce in a bag - celery, tomatoes or onions just loose in the bag
Most produce is fine but we have consistently had limp or super thin stalks that are bitter.  I no longer put celery on our Wegmans list.
The last 2 bunches of celery I bought were limp within 4 days, before I had a chance to use them.
I love Wegman’s produce but their celery is the worst.  It’s limp, stringy and unusable for crudités.  Aldo’s, Tops, Walmart and PriceRite all have better... why can’t Wegman’s find their suppliers?
This has a good flavor. However is is deffinstely for cooking rather than celery sticks. Chopped or cooked is is fine but raw is tough to chew.
Yummy
That's it!
While these are NOT yams (Wegman's should know the difference), they are darn good sweet potatoes. (Yams are much larger  and are starchy - not sweet.)
The Nutrition guide doesn’t show any Vitamin A?
My daughter did a report on the difference between the two. Google the difference for yourself. The cardboard box in the store calls them sweet potatoes but W insists on calling them yams. Go figure. I guess you can be flexible in one area but rigid in another. It does not change that the label is incorrect. But they are still good!
Bought the 3 pack as the individual cucumbers were not available. Big let down for gourmand, half started rotting within hours, not ripped enough. The price is right so it’s a good buy if you eat/prepare the whole pack within one hour of leaving the store.
These are great cucumbers, except I find it so disheartening that they are wrapped in so much plastic! 

I also can't see any info about how these are grown. They're not organic, but are they pesticide free? Non GMO? More information on the produce we're buying would be so appreciated.
Having purchased these potatoes for years with no problems, my recent purchase (in the new orange bag) was disappointing. I opened a brand new bag to find that several of the potatoes had large mold spots and areas where they had started to rot. At least with the clear bag I could see the condition and size of the potatoes. Don't think I'll chance it again.
I too have noticed that these potatoes have a strong mildew odor. I also agree that they seem old. I have also noticed that they are damp, which I find unusual. This has been the case for the past 6 months or so. Until the store corrects the problem I will buy potatoes elsewhere.
The bagged potatoes seem old. Russet and white potatoes in the bags have a strong smell.  And, after 4 days the Russets developed sprouts and my husband thought there was onion was an onion rotting. Will only buy individual potatoes now.
These are a really great value for the price. Russets are the best for mashed potatoes, home fries, and— if you’re feeling ambitious— homemade fries. Nine times out of ten, all the potatoes are perfect. Every once in awhile (this goes for the white potatoes as well) you’ll get one or two in the bag that are past their prime, but for $1.50, no big deal.
Good quality - fairly uniform size, unblemished.
These potatoes are a fabulous value!
Very nutritious vegetable, potatoes are easy and fast to cook!
So versatile that recipes are limitless, most people love potatoes and very few people have potato allergies.
They store easily and for a long time when stored properly.
Also serve as an excellent vehicle for butter.
Great to have for salads, sandwiches or toppings on pizza and in stuffings for mushrooms or pastries
We generally have bought the family pack, which for some reason I can’t review right now. Unfortunately we’ll probably not be buying these any longer, as they have many leaves go bad before opening. The narrow blades spinach leaves in the containers all go bad and start to turn their neighbors bad. I think if the narrow blades spinach wasn’t present it’d be fine, but there are several dozen of them in a container. I don’t recall these being present much years ago, but then maybe they just didn’t go bad at the time.
The spinach was very fresh and it lasted a very long time. Used all of the producr before it went bad from long time sitting in refrig.
I love the spinach, it is so fresh,  but I DON'T LIKE THE NEW LID, IT DOES NOT LAST AS LONG AS THE PLASTIC LID.
Spinach seems to last longest, and it’s always clean and fresh.
After you open it leave a napkin or a piece of paper towel inside to absorb moisture to prevent wilting.
I am yet to find a box of spinach that doesn’t have some wilted leaves. These are good though. Goes well in sandwiches and as part of a salad.
Mixed in with the Mac and cheese. (Wegmans). Then added half bar of montary jack cheese. Baked 30 minutes. Wonderful.
Always always always check produce before you eat it, just because it's organic does not mean you don't need to wash it! The weed that is mentioned is part of the lower leaf of spinach it's not a weed. :) The plastic packaging is 100% recyclable PETE. Unlike wasteful plastic bags lettuce is sold in which are not recyclable because their wet and sometimes are microwaveable plastic. Well it's a good product in a good package!
Wegmans produce is usually high-quality, but this is an exception. It invariably contains bits of some kind of weed (not sure what it is, but I've never seen these thin, lancelike leaves in any other packaged organic baby spinach). I could live with this, but last week as I was sorting through to toss the weeds, I found a big winged insect of some sort. Triple washed, of course, but still not something I relish consuming. On top of it all, Wegmans opts for a type of packaging that requires an extra layer of sealed plastic--other brands don't. It's a shame. I'm buying from Greenstar now, even though it's more expensive and I need to make an extra grocery stop.
This organic baby spinach sautes up in a little coconut oil to add to an organic omelet or scrambled organic eggs for a healthy breakfast. I usually slice it up smaller or tear it smaller. Very yummy .
So far I haven't gotten a bad one. I dice them tiny using one of those little produce choppers. It makes way more chopped onion than Wegmans sells in the containers for a fraction of the cost. I add a little olive oil and cook them in an air fryer with a slice of organic bacon over them. It's so good.
Ess
Ok
I've purchased these many, many times over the years at my local wegmans, and never had an issue with a single one they are always perfect. The flavor is always very strong perfect for wraps and salads.
Never thought I would write a review on a lone redskin onion. I purchased two, on separate days, for a specific salad. Both were rotted at the core. But, so far this is the only product that Wegmans sells that I haven't enjoyed.
These green beans are great and can’t be beat.  They are always fresh and cook up nicely.
My kids and I loved these green beans. They were easy to make, it was healthy, convienent and a vegetarian meal. We are the entire bowl, as a meal, under $5. I'm glad we tried them and will add it as a regular meal to our monthly menu.
I have been buying these for a very long time but 3 times I've gotten them over the last 3 months they are beautiful outside and rotten inside! I spent a lot of time cutting the insides out to try to salvage them the last time, but even the part that was left that looked good tasted bitter and sour!
Great product. There are times when the sprouts don't last as long in the fridge, but that's not a deal breaker. As with all produce, sometimes you can go a week without any sign of withering while other times you see signs of withering after a few days. We love to roast these in the oven with Wegman's basting oil and tossed with turkey bacon. Note, these will need to be washed before use.
More than half of the Brussels sprouts in this bag were brown on the inside a week before the “Best By” date
I have recently needed to change my diet and came across this at Wegman's!  Boy am I glad I did, what a great product stays fresh for such a long time and this ig a GREAT value!  Will be buying more soon!
I really enjoy these. like the packaging, good quality. I buy often and out of an entire bag there might be one sprout that isn't in almost perfect condition
As a buyer of these weekly, I know what these used to be like. I'm not sure if the supplier has changed but these are awful. I'm peeling away a lot of leaves to get past the bad ones and often I end throwing the sprout completely out because it is rotten. I will hold off buying these for a while in hopes that they get better!
if you don't use the whole bag the first time, the brussel sprouts last to be able to use them with another meal..
All browned inside leaves.  Had to throw it away.
Not pleased with the iceburg, brown slimy parts of leaves especially today. I’ve found much better in other stores.
I’ve noticed some bad reviews on this, first off, it’s iceberg lettuce, currently it cost .99 at Wegmans. I’m always the type to search through and bring home the best head of lettuce I find, having said that Wegmans has the best selection of good looking heads of lettuce. In any grocery store there’s going to be a couple of bad heads of lettuce, but Wegmans  usually has the best looking ones. If you are like one of those people that don’t look at the head of lettuce before you bring it home, and then notice it has a brown spot, that’s on you, it’s not like Wegmans makes the actual lettuce itself.
I just purchased iceberg lettuce today and it has brown spots all over the inside
I purchased A head of lettuce for $1.29 on Sunday. Today is Tuesday and it’s brown with spots throughout the whole head. Cut into it and I can’t even salvage some of it. Gross and bad quality.
Iceberg Lettuce is now $ 1.00 more than it should be, and the leaves look disgusting. Bring it back to $ .99 a head, or less, and sell fresh lettuce.
always  stays fresh in my frig..
I often bought these but no more after two heads rotted less than two days after buying them.
Crisp lettuce for a great Vegan salad.
Much better than most stores...

Pick the heaviest one. We quarter, remove the core & outside leaves, and soak through several changes of COLD water. That helps to remove the "funky" smell that you so often find.
I only by iceberg lettuce from Wegmans because it is always fresh and the heads last!
Perfectly picked and so ripe, just right for the pasta salad recipe.
I just paid $1.29/lb in NYC
cs
These peppers are thick and have a wonderful flavor, you are getting your monies worth with these. I buy them in bulk and freeze them and they are wonderful!! So versatile.
You can grow these for a while if you put them in a cup of water an just chop off the top
Always fresh with great flavor
What can one say about scallions? I thought I'd share a couple ways to use these yummy things:

1.) My grandfather, who was born around 1905, taught me to pull these up in the garden, wash them, and then eat like a carrot. The trick is to keep dipping the end in a small bowl of salt.

The salt cuts the aggressiveness of the scallion, while preserving the flavor. Your cardiologist won't like it, and grandad died of congestive heart failure, but the two of us ate quite few scallions together and enjoyed every oniony minute.

2.) Slice lengthwise into very thin long strips (there is a Japanese multi-bladed knife designed just for this) and then throw on top of a bowl of just-poured ramen noodle soup. The scallions will wilt a bit in the hot broth, but retain their crunch and flavor. Again, the salty broth will cut the harshness of the scallion, while leaving the flavor.

3.) Chop up some scallions. They look good with a bias cut, about 1/2 inch long. Then toss with two parts soy and one part toasted sesame oil, drain, and serve as a side dish. The saltiness of the soy sauce (notice a theme here) tames the scallions, while the sesame oil adds a great umami note. This one is a good burger topping.
Quick tip, buy more than you may need and keep it in the freezer for creamy smoothies. lasts way longer and tastes great
Nice product for salads or smoothies. It definitely last longer in the fridge than the Spring Mix.
This spinach is consistently good quality and seems to last a very long time.  I love the container- it doesn’t get bent and squished in the fridge!
Very good taste but lately there have been longer and longer stems in the batchesToo expensive for a lot of stems
I buy this weekly and use for smoothies.
I like the price. I like the spinach. At times, there are black ends. I will continue to buy.
Nice price! Very convenient that's it's already washed and ready to use. If we're not going to use it all in a week, we freeze the rest for smoothies or recipes.
We've bought this weekly for years, and until the last month or so it's been a great product at an excellent price.  Recently, the spinach is getting mauled in the packaging process, and once the leaves are smashed, torn, or cut, it goes bad really quickly.  Wegmans, please restore the quality!
I buy this spinach every single week but lately i have noticed some new packaging that i do NOT like at all. The lid is a hassle and it takes up more space. Please bring back the old packaging!!!!
I love this store EXCEPT for their spinach. Always goes bad much faster than Olivia's brand. Always has condensation in packaging. Most disappointing product at Wegmans.
Like the other customer reviews, I'm very disappointed in the downsizing of this package of spinach. This is one of the things I specifically go to your store for once a week or more, but am now considering shopping for elsewhere.
I encourage other customers to speak up so that the old style package (bigger with a resealable lid) can be brought back.
Don't like that it got smaller and the lid is different! It falls off and does not seal. The spinach is fresh and is constantly being restocked.
The product is top shelf, however, the downsize in packaging is not appreciated. Yes, the price is the same. Customers do notice these things. I purchase this product all the time and just last week was shocked to find the smaller size. Seems everything is shrinking, where will it end?
I love the product and the price is great but the new package change is awful! I really dislike you taking away the lid and just covering it with a peel away piece of plastic. Now instead of being able to use the same container throughout the week I have to put it into another container that has a lid. Please consider going back to the way it was. Thanks!
This organic baby spinach is great for salads and cooking, but is eaten every morning in our house in banana-peanut butter-protein smoothies!
Bought today as soon as they were being put on the shelf. Got home and cut immediately to prepare for a road trip and had mold inside. No time to return.  Same thing happened with strawberries today.  This is becoming a recurring issue with Wegmans produce. Very disappointing.
Bought yesterday and they already had mold on the inside.
Red, Yellow and Orange Greenhouse Peppers are now individually priced at 2.99/lb. Shouldn't be $1.00 more for bulk packaging.
Been buying this 3-pack for a couple of years now. Fresh and crispy peppers every time! And I also look for the biggest package.
These are my new favorite peppers at wegmans! You save so much money buying them.  I always look for the biggest pack, so I definitely get my money's worth. They are always so fresh and crisp! I have never had issues like other reviewers with the quality or the peppers being bad.
2nd time I bought these. The larger was rotted when cut open and small one was hard and not as flavorful. You only save a little, just buy them separately
Tried to trim it off but there was too much.
It says $2.99 on the app. I was charged $3.99. Its not the first time my purchase price has not lined up with the price in the store. This makes me crazy. Its not cost effective for me to drive back for a $1. I like the quality of the cauliflower?
Just awful. I won’t buy baby carrots because the have become tasteless (genetic modifications?)... Wegmans carrots (organic is the only kind available at our store) taste equally awful.
I recently placed an online order and my groceries delivered for the first time . Everything was great except for this carrots. The bag was torn open when it arrived which is strange. I ended up not eating them, because who know where they have been.
Nice if you eat them right away. The produce shelf is way too wet, so even if you take them out of the bag and dry them off, they rot fast.
Very fresh, I will buy them again!
I go straight to the organic veggies. Yes higher in price BUT isn`t your body and family worth it?
a good buy and taste better than the baby carrots
Cheaper to buy two pints
Had no taste is was pick fresh , no flavor
What a wonderful product! These can be eaten by themselves as a snack, added to a salad, or roasted on the grill. All that for only one calorie a piece!
If you're a big salad eater or like to much on some raw veggies, this is a great deal. Tomatoes are always fresh and taste good. Although on my container it says "Produce of Mexico" so not 100% accurate on the online description. I still buy it though!
These are the best deal around. Other markets charge the same price for a pint!
My Kids Love Grape tomatoes, they eat it for a snack instead of cookies, they eat it like fruit, you know, tomato is actually a fruit not vegetables after all :), I use it in Salads as well, and other recipes, but my kids finish the whole pack same day I get them, sometimes I mix it with some grapes and wegmans English cucumber that I cut in cubes, also cube Jarlsburg cheese and some baby carrots in zip lock bag, and this will be their snack , they love the many colors and different textures, better than crackers and coockies, I make sure I make a snack bag for myself too while running around with my kids outside !! Love wegmans !!
Very good taste. Lasted long time in refrigerator.
Perfect size. Used them fresh and added them to roasted vegetables. Delicious!
I love these CLUB PACK grape tomatoes for their convenience. They are sweet and firm and already bite-sized, so I can keep them in their container all week, and add them to my lunch-time salads by the handful each day.
Buy this every week and never disappointed. Some of the bands reviews makes me wonder if people understand how to buy and store?  If it LOOKS like it’s not fresh pick another bag!!!!  Doesn’t last long when opened?  Tupperware, and others, sell special containers just for veggies and fruits and at least as far as the Tupperware, I can say, this last at least a week.  Another tip...don’t wash and store.  Wash before eating.  Same with other fruits like blueberries, strawberries....but I store lettuce in a plastic baggie. I pierce a few tiny holes to allow air into the bag.  I also put a paper towel cut in half on each side of the lettuce.  This also helps keep lettuce longer.  Even with the Tupperware container, I wipe the moisture from inside the container 1-2 Xs a week.
does not last long when opened ,
Lettuce was brown and slimy
Lately the lettuce is no longer good within a day after opening .... it gets brown and slimy and does not last tulle the expiration date.  Also there are lots of stem and end pieces in the mix lately that are just not edible.
The quality of Wegmans greens has decreased substantially over the past year. However, this is a consequence of erratic weather. Their greens are always better than competitors. I have found that they will last longer if you method of storage. Grab some empty produce bags (on the rolls with the twist ties) before you leave the store, put a paper towel on the bottom with the greens on top when you get home, and put in the fridge. :)
Gross and slimy. Have to buy elsewhere
I recently opened this bag of Romaine and am currently eating a homemade Caesar Salad. The Romaine is extremely fresh and crisp just the way I like it!! I am very happy with this purchase. I see other reviews mention that it will not be very good in a day or so. I can't comment on that just yet but I do plan to use this Romaine for another salad tomorrow and see how that goes.
For months, I have had experiences where I purchase Wegmans bagged salad and they are wilted/brown/slimy/no longer acceptable to eat only 1-2 days after purchasing. I have not experienced this problem with the same severity with other grocery store brand bagged salads. It's very disappointing as Wegmans' brand usually Haaa excellent quality products.
This lettuce (or any bagged Wegmans brand lettuce) is not worth the money. the most recent bag I bought went bad before I opened it despite the fact that it was three days before the best buy date. This isn't the first time this has happened either. I would only buy this if I opened the bag the day I bought it and ate the entire bag that day...which means I will never buy this again.
I had Caesar Salad kit on the list for my husband. He accidentally picked this up. Since we do not eat the croutons, and we had the cheese needed anyway...we just went ahead and used another dressing (we didn't have anchovy paste on hand).

The lettuce was wonderful. Fresh, crispy and no need to wash helped out.
I bought it and it went bad in a day, and got slimy in less than 48 hrs
The current bushel sizes are 5 times the amount that are needed for any recipe. For $0.99 you really could make the portion smaller to avoid food waste. The quality is excellent otherwise.
I used with my eggs scrambled & ghost peppers salas.
Nice full and fresh bunch! Market basket and stop and shop's does not come close!
These are sliced, but unwashed. Takes forever to clean them. I'll buy the whole ones from now on,  much less time to slice instead of having to clean each presliced piece.
Every time I buy these mushrooms they turn before the expiration date. It's a great price but they need to be used the same or the next day after purchase. I'll stick with buying the whole and slicing them myself.
I've been buying these for years--great, quality mushrooms, same price as the white, with a slightly stronger flavor. The problem? Lately, the slices are ridiculously thick... like a quarter inch. Good product, but the thick slices mean you'll be reslicing and not saving much time!
I am a mushroom freak. I buy these everytime I go to Wegmans. Not only do they taste good, they are normally 2 packs for 4 dollars. I have used them
in soups, fajitas, stir frys, and etc. You can't go wrong with this product.
Washed and sliced for you to use right from the package, great for creating quick meals. I grilled these with EVOO, green beans, garlic, a splash of water and a splash of balsamic vinaigrette; it was ready to serve in 10minutes.
Carrots became slimy in less than a week. This is not the first time.
Every time I have to throw away a few because it's damaged.
Not a fresh as they could be.
I would rather you skip the "Organic" and go for a fresher product.
Some damage but enough to live with.
When it comes to nutritional bang for your buck, you can't beat the big bag of Wegman's Organic carrots! Having plenty of carrots on hand creates a healthy snack option, a healthy side dish option, and, our favorite, a healthy star for delicious soups. You can make a delicious carrot soup using 10 carrots and just a few other ingredients that serves 6-8. Great, healthy, delicious low-cost meal!
Just as good as other brands, if not better.
The taste is great, but if you compare sodium labels to other store brands or name brands, these are double the sodium...
These are great beans I love them and how cheap they are
Nutrition on label includes the liquid which skews the numbers, so if you are interested, the actual serving size is 69g (68.5g) and all of the other numbers can stay the same (if you count your macros).  I tested this by rinsing the black beans off of any liquid and weighing them after rinsing.  There was 240g of black beans in the can.  :)
These black beans are delicious, my husband loves them! I come from realitively far to shop the WEGMANS brand!
I prefer these over the national brands.
I bring some of Wegman's black beans a nd some rice for lunch to work regularly. Great healthy option!
I toss a can in anywhere I have an excuse to! Delicious!
These black beans really surprised me like most of the Wegmans brand foods I've purchased. The quality of Wegmans brands is amazing. They taste as good as the big national brands.
Bought this bag as a convenience as we were having guests over for dinner. After fussing with the “easy open” for 3 minutes, decided to see if my husband could do it. Nope he couldn’t either so I just tore it open and put a clip on it. Once we finally opened it, I saw that there were several green beans not trimmed. Very disappointed. So I guess out of 3 advertisements for this product (trimmed, cleaned and easy to open/resealable) we at least got one of them (cleaned hopefully). Please fix the seal and trim the green beans better then we’ll buy this product again.
After several minutes examining the bag , I finally spotted the Arc-Shaped Perforations above the middle of the Red Line  and pressed on a few of the perforations as saw the plastic part. Then I carefully inserted a dull metal blade into the Flap to separate all of the perforations and Whoa-La, it opened.....
Bought a few days before Thanksgiving for the holiday dinner.   Discovered that there were stems (which could be dealt with),  but also many rotten parts.   Many of the beans had rotten ends.   Many were just rotten.    Not fresh by any means.  Stored at Wegman's under bad conditions for way too long.
Bought these to use for Thanksgiving dinner. My wife thought it would save time if we bought “trimmed, ready to eat” green beans. On opening the bag we found LOTS of stems — not just on the end of the beans but even an entire 4” stem with beans still connected to it! I’d say that definitely can’t be considered as “ready to eat”. We ended up spending just as much time trimming the stems off these as we would have if we have bought the ones that aren’t “ready to eat”. The difference between the two? We paid a lot more for a job that was supposed to be done at the factory and which we ended up having to do on Thanksgiving morning.
Convenient that they’re prewashed and mostly stemmed, but still can’t figure out that ziplock thing
The new "easy open package" is anything but.  Pretty much impossible to open other than simply cut off the top.  And the beans were terrible.  If I had not needed to pick out the edible ones for dinner guests the evening I bought them, I would have returned them.  I could cull out about half of them that were usable for dinner.  And they were tough; seriously over-ripe/over-grown.  Oh . . . and the ones that were edible included many that had not been stemmed.  What a waste!
only a few stems spotted, easy to snap off, very tasty!
Beans were good quality and tasted good. However, about 1/3 of them still have the stems attached. Didn’t think I had to be snapping beans out of the “trimmed” green bean bag.
We love us some green beans
We bought these for a sauté dish, but while prepping they tasted so good we just ate them raw!
Nice especially because we can’t garden and we’ve been missing those tastes. 
Our produce experience with Wegmans has been great for the several years we’ve been buying there.
I’ve bought these 3 times in the past couple months and have been very happy with them.  I’ve seen a couple reviews mentioning decay, I’ve never seen that, although the package I bought last week did have some beans with darkened spots.  But they were still fine.  The only other negative is that each bag has a few beans with a bit of the stem left on, but that is easily seen and removed.  The beans are the size I’d pick if I was getting them from bulk, no old beans.  I’ll continue to buy this for the overall quality and convenience.
For years these were my go to cleaned and cut green beans when I was in a pinch for time. The last four times I purchased these as others mentioned the beans had a weird coating and the ends were rotten. All were used before expiration. In some bags they looked ok until but then I noticed while cooking the color changed. It seems the quality of Wegmans prepackaged vegetables are going downhill since I’ve had issues with other items as well.
Enter Comment Body
I was surprised to see so many unfavorable reviews for these green beans, I have bought them time and time again with no issues EVER. I have never experienced an unusual coating. They keep incredibly well and have always stayed fresh well past the "best by" date. These are an A in my book and I will most definitely continue to purchase these green beans!
I have bought this product for many years. Needless to say over the past months this product is not delivering. Purchased on Thursday and made Saturday, rotten on many ends
This used to be fresh, but my last couple of purchases in the past 2 months have been rotten. There's a weird sticky waxy coating on them as soon as I open it (and it's way before the expiration date). Will not be buying these again.
We purchased these a few times and they always had a weird waxy sticky coating on them. The only ingredient is supposed to be the vegetable so why is this mystery substance on them?
Excellant flavour and lasts well refrigerated approximately 1 week. Our family loves them and highly recommend!!
I don't have a big family but this broccoli florets is a great deal for me that love broccoli. I eat broccoli nearly everyday and having a precut broccoli ready is really convenient plus at a good price.
I used to buy this and it was usually OK, but the last few times I tried to buy it, all the bags looked like most of the broccoli was rotten. It is a great deal, especially with a coupon, but not if you have to throw most of it away.
This broccoli is a great value. Yes, you may find a piece that needs trimming, but for the price, I’m not going to fuss. I use the entire thing over the course of a week or so (large family) and go back for more!
My entire bag had black spots on the florets. The Item was used the same day purchased and the expiration date was still good. I was maybe able to use a 1/4 of the bag. The rest was trashed since I saw no point in trying to cut off the spots when so many were covered. I normally cut my broccoli but I had a coupon and decided to try it out. Never will I purchase this again.
Very convenient for food prepping or large families. Sometimes there's some brown spots, but just cut those off and you're fine.
This broccoli is priced great...same price as a similar product at Costco but I pick it up at Wegmans depending on my shopping needs. Sometimes the bag is fine, sometimes the bag stinks something fierce when the broccoli is cooked. Sometimes there are large leaves in the bag and once there was an entire uncut head of broccoli. I buy this for the convenience but the fresh heads of broccoli are more consistent.
Such perfectly cut and plentiful florets make meal planning a snap.
I love this product. Perfect size florets. Major time saver for any building their own monster size veggie tray.
This is a great price for a huge amount of broccoli. I did get a smelly bag once. I think Wegmans needs to make sure this isn't transported at too high of a temperature. I have purchased bags since then and they have been fine. Overall, this is a good product.
I bought this family pack 3 times now and every time it was great. Its a great value and I usually put half in the freezer because I don't use it all right away.
Convenient
Priced right
Fresh
PERFECT!!!
Packaging is wonderfully convenient for my snacking needs. We opened the bag next day and it smelt horrible. Threw it out. Buying loose broccoli this week.
Very spicy
It’s way too smooth and adding pico de Gallo makes it mushy. It’s also too unbalanced with the spice level.
Perfect!      Best around....❤️
I have never eaten spicy guacamole. Please tone this down. See all the reviews and make us happy please. :)
Just delicious.  I agree with others who think it is very hot.  I happen to like that, but it will be a surprise for a lot of shoppers.
I enjoy a little spice but this is way over the top.  You should at least label it as spicy so customers have a little warning.  Now I feel like I've wasted money on guacamole I can't tolerate more than 2 little bites of.  You can do better Wegmans!!
I have no problem with a bit of kick in guac, but in this it's all you can taste. I can't taste onion, cilantro, lime... It really just tastes like spicy avocado.
I wanted to like this but it absolutely should be labeled as spicy or something. A little warning would have been nice. I feel like my mouth was accosted by a stack of ill meaning peppers and no other flavors were invited to the party. I can't begin to tell you my excitement about what the repercussions of eating this will be tomorrow. If you don't relabel it, perhaps you should consider an on-pack offering of your private label antacid as a promotion.
This is delicious, but not the same as it used to be. Please, please make it less spicy!
Hopping on the bandwagon with others who also said that it’s good quality but too spicy. Really spicy! Wegmans should absolutely label it that it’s spicy or at least make different heat levels. Wish I could love this and feed it to my kids but alas. :/
This guac is sooo good but it needs to be labeled that it is spicy. There are large chunks of jalapeños in it. Just beware if you are serving it to kiddos or people who don’t like spicy food.
This is the best guac my husband and I have ever had and we lived in Austin TX for 5 years!  This does not last in our house long because I have a bad habit of eating it as is it on top of anything!  Salad, grilled chicken, shrimp tacos, etc!  I don’t know why people are saying it’s so spicy, but honestly read your labels people ... I always do to check for allergens, etc.   not a fan of the Wegmans homemade corn chips as they are a little greasy for me, we prefer the Wegmans organic blue corn chips as a healthier more flavorful option.  For gluten free, dairy free people like me, this is an awesome guac!  Thanks Weggies!
Great, spicy guacamole.
Actually like the freshness. Too bad it is too sour and spicy
I usually make my own guacamole, but now I always have to pick this up whenever I stop by Wegmans.  It’s the best!
Taste is good but the container my son purchased was half processed, not very well mashed or chopped. Huge pieces of avocado and onions so it definitely wasn’t smooth.
Have bought this guac multiple times - it is fresh, avocados used are at just the right ripeness level, you can taste the lime and a hint of pepper. Ya, this guac gets consumed very fast at our house
Fantastic guacamole with lots of flavor!
I purchased this for my kids who love guacamole. I had no idea it was so spicy. We buy other brands all the time and have never had this awful surprise. PLEASE LABEL THIS PRODUCT!!
Number one
Great perfect spice
I completely agree with the other reviewers who said they couldn’t get past the heat level. Way too hot, especially since it wasn’t labeled as such.

I really hope Wegmans will come out with a milder recipe of this - I would definitely buy it!
Guacamole is great, but many don't read the labels. it has Jalapeno, and pico De Gallo (a spicy salsa) added in as well. It does have a 'kick' to it. I liked it . if you don't like as spicy, get the chunky, its milder.
This guacamole has great flavor once I got past the intense heat. I thought I overlooked a label  indicating this was a  very Spicy guacamole. I have purchased many different brands and their packaging is always labeled correctly if spicy. I made the mistake of not checking the ingredients when I purchased Wegmans guacamole. It wasn't until I read the ingredients that I discovered that jalapenos were added, hence the spiciness. Thankfully my dad loves spicy food so I didn't have to throw it out. I feel that a "spicy" label should be placed on the packaging so the consumer is aware!!
Love that you finally have smaller containers.  I always ended up throwing some away before.  Now you can get one under 5 dollars.
This is a really spicy guacamole, but nothing on the package indicates that it is spicy so if you’re looking for a mild guacamole you will be really disappointed.
Just okay. Was too smooth for my liking. I wish it was chunkier and wish it had some more spice but otherwise was decent. It is overpriced for what it is worth but I used a coupon.
Way too spicy please offer a milder version
Love how spicy this is!
I bought this after trying the rustic version (which I loved) to save a little money but it’s just too hot for me to eat. I usually go for medium salsa so that will give you a benchmark. I guess I’ll go back to the rustic. This one is going in the trash.
If you like jalapeno-hot guacamole then this guac is for you.  I wish it was labeled as such.  Other than that it's a good guacamole.  Please consider making a mild version (no jalapeno!).
This almost borders on too much onion and garlic. I found the heat level to be very tolerable. Reminds me of the guac from Salsaritas.
It seems that each time I purchase them the heat level is different.  This last batch was overly spicy that I couldn’t eat it.  You need to have a consistent heat level from batch to batch. Not sure I’ll chance buying it again.
The varying reviews here are at least partially due to the fact that people are reviewing 2 DIFFERENT guacamoles under this heading.  I discovered that Wegmans makes 2 different fresh guacs, packaged identically in small square containers.  One is their "Taste of Mexico" chunky "rustic" guac, which is a flat $6.49 for 12 oz.  It's very good, chunky, and quite mild. It also has a short ingredient list. The other is this one, which is smooth and apparently quite spicy per other reviewers, and varies in price based on the weight of the package.  I picked it up by accident yesterday when I was looking for the chunky mild guac, but luckily discovered my mistake.  Look at the ingredient list to be sure which one you're buying - a long list  means it's this guacamole, and a short list means it's the mild rustic (chunky) guacamole.
I absolutely love guacamole and have had it many places and served different ways. However, I have never had any like this. It was so incredibly spicy that my nose is now running badly and my mouth is on fire. It is also much more pureed than I would have preferred. I like it to be chunky. I could deal with the texture but all you taste is incredible spice and heat. Some people will love that but I definitely do not!
Way too much lime. I get that you need citrus to keep the guacamole from browning, but it was so overpowering, in every bite, even after stirring. The jalepeno was a tad too strong, but I got over it due to the inescapable lime juice. The fact that it cost me over $6.00 for a small container got me even more upset!
I know a good guacamole from a so-so one and this is one of the best tasting guacamoles I've ever tried. I have several recipes for making guacamole myself and had actually never purchased storemade guac. But recently I was pressed for time when a slew of relatives descended on me for a getaway weekend. The onslaught included several perpetually hungry teenagers, so I stocked up on chips, salsa and... Wegmans house-made guacamole. I was instantly impressed by the sizable chunks of fresh avocado and the barest hint of heat. I didn't find the lime flavor overpowering at all. My guests loved it, and so did I. Although I was disappointed that the container did not provide nutritional values, and even more disappointed when the website didn't, either, a quick call to Wegmans Corporate Consumer Affairs department revealed that their housemade guacamole is 20 calories per tablespoon. Great stuff.
This guacamole is sooo delish! It had the right spiciness level and i was in heaven eating this. It was amazingly FRESH!! I want more! I do wonder how many calories I ate in this 0.68 lb container....
This is very good fresh guacamole. ..however the level of spiciness seems to change with every container you buy. You never know if you are going to get a great batch with a little kick or a killer spicy batch that knocks you on your... Since there is no label on the container stating whether it is mild, moderate or spicy you just take your chances. Just a warning before giving it to the kids. :)
This guacamole has too much lime. It overpowers the avocados. I keep trying it every so often to see if they've corrected it but I continue to be disappointed. It's cheaper to make it yourself but I think they take all the ripe avocados to make this and leave the hard green ones out for customers
I love this guacamole! I love the little bit of kick it has. I'd love it if you would offer a smaller portion (like under 8 oz, maybe), as well as the sizes you offer.
We like this guac, love the little bit of a kick. I wouldn't say it's as good as Chipotle's but is a decent substitute.
I absolutely love this guacamole! It is a little expensive, but too good not to buy! I would love to get the recipe to make it myself for parties etc...
I love guac and most of the food chains make awesome fresh in house prepared guac that ill splurge on. but this was really disappointing. guacamole is relatively simple (avocado,salt,lime,jalepeno,cilantro) to make and it seems like they've added a lot of extra ingredients to this. I don't mind the added tomatoes or spicy kick but overall the flavor is really off and not a traditional fresh guacamole taste. I hope they improve on this as it would be a staple buy if it was good.
I have never liked guac, but this is absolutely out of this world. I love the spicy kick! Thanks wegmans :)
I love this guacamole. Yum. I don't like spicy and this was perfect although my friend thought it has kick to it?
This tasty mix tastes so good and the lil spicy kick takes it over the top!! I love it on my veggies1 But I must admit I can eat it by the spoonful straight out of the container!! And it's OMEGA 3 rich!!!!
I’ve found a secret for keeping these greens a long time. Upon purchasing them I divide out greens into three containers which lets the greens fluff up and then I add paper towels. The paper absorbs the moisture and keeps greens from getting slimy. Great product for great price!
My first review on Wegmans.  I have bought this product 4 times in the last 3 months (coronavirus pandemic).  I have been shocked by how long this lasts my family of 3 adults. It lasts long past the use by date without becoming soggy and rotten.  Scanned the reviews and was surprised to see that hasn't been everyone else's experience in the past.  I am sticking with it until I have a bad experience..
Great price and variety of greens in packaging.  I have bought many times but the last few were bad with some rotten salad inside. I believe they pack it too full and that keeps moisture built up and quickly spoils the middle of the box. The last one was bad enoughI had to return for credit.  Which they did with my receipt present.
i don’t normally buy this product, but this was the only choice given our current situation with covid 19. I bought this item on the 14th and when I opened it two days later the lettuce was not edible. It was all wet and slimy. Very disappointing- I enjoy a good salad for lunch. Guess that isn’t happening this week
I posted several months ago how the organic spring mix was virtually compost right from first use. Wegmans responded with note saying they were working to improve the quality. We tried another 16 oz. Package this week and it was excellent. After eating it for five days it was better on the last day than it had been when first opened in previous purchases last year. We are crossing our fingers that the quality will continue to be excellent!
Very good for the most. I have ran into odds and ends in my bin like some dirt or grass. But much better quality compared to other brands.
I buy this regularly, and have never had an issue. It's always fresh and often lasts 2-3 days past the due date.
It is way too wet out of the container an is unedible in a couple days. It's hard to believe Wegmans keeps selling this almost compost and doesn't listen to customer feedback !!
I look for the best "Use By Date", however I always find that the salad is wet and gets a slimy feel to it after just a few days. I have even tried putting a couple of paper towels in with the salad box, to see if it absorbs some of the moisture.  I now go to a different store to  purchase the salad and some other organic produce.
As of the last few months, this salad is wet and gets a brown slime after 2 days.  I spun it,  flip it upside down,  but still does not last.
The salad as of late is way too wet. If is actually rotting before the expiration date despite spinning and rewrapping/washing at home. Very disappointed in the produce in general at Wegmans as of late. Quality is not what I expect. Everything that is packaged seems to be sitting in puddles of water.
I love this salad mix!
usually lasts quite a while key is to turn box upside down n rotate!!!
I have purchased probably a hundred of these packs of salad over the years. In the last year, the quality of this month has dropped like a rock in a ravine. If you don't find it in two or three days, you're getting rotted ick. Bring back the actual lids, please. This is nonsense.
I wish this were available still in conventional (non-organic) still.  I like this packaging over the bags.
I eat salads almost everyday.  This is one of the best salads that I buy.  It usually stays good for the whole week.  I do not have a probably with the new seal lid.
Love the new container with the seal lid. Always fresh and last me all week without going bad.
Nice mix but you better use it within the first few days that you buy it because I bought it several times and it always goes bad several days before the expiration date
I eat a lot of salad and used to buy this all the time.  But now that it comes without a lid, I am not going to buy it.  There are a lot of stores where you can buy salad.
We buy this product every week and have recently noticed the the quality is progressively getting worst.  Also, what's up with the new tops? The second you take them off you can no longer put them back on. Noticed this change about a couple weeks ago.
This was my go to in the past but recently I've been disappointed. Seems like the "filler" now are the heartier greens-mustard, kale beet etc..  it's fine if you like those but they are overpowering the more delicate greens--what I consider spring mix. Last several containers I've had to search for any romaine, red leaf and the more delicate greens. I realize these are mass produced but in the past the heartier greens didn't make up the majority of the mix. As others have stated, moisture is a problem and yes I sort and wrap in paper towels but the middle is usually a soggy mess. I also prefer the container where the lid stayed attached.
Unless you are going to use the entire container the same day or the remainder the next day its not worth buying.  The greens go bad vey fast.
The containers these come in have changed. The covers can no longer be easily re-attached once the container is opened! I have to store the Spring Mix and any other green leaf product that comes in these containers in another container of my own.  Am so disappointed! Wegman's organization must test these products before they are adopted for use. I love Wegman's for quality control but these containers are problematic!
This product does not last until the date marked. Once opened, will last only about 3 days. Too much to finish in three days, so will not purchase again. Too much waste.
This looks good at the store and normally it is.  The problem is that it rots very quickly.  Had this twice and if you can't finish it within a week it will rot.
this used to be good, it kept for a few days in the fridge. Now it contains more water and the leaves rot quickly. I tried blotting the water with paper towels as soon as I get it home, not good. I think they are starting to rot in the package at the store. Picking the rotten leaves  and washing doesn't work either - it imparts a rotten taste to the good leaves. A year or more ago this never happened.
I buy this all the time. If I see excessive moisture in the package at anytime, I take a small piece of paper towel and sop up the moisture and then close the package and give it a good shake to loosen the lettuce up from being densely packed down to allow leaves to breathe. Works for me.
Such a waste of food and money.
I used to love this stuff and it stayed fresh longer than the bagged romaine. This time when I opened the container it was already starting to rot in the center and after picking out the edible parts I gave up and just threw it away.
I am very picky about produce and I always go to wegmans for all my needs besides my local farmers market. I have been buying salad mix for awhile and the quality has been going down for awhile. Tonight, I opened a batch that I just bought this morning and the middle has rotten leaves! So disappointed.
This used to be my go-to lettuce for its convenience and freshness. For the past several months, however, I've been sorely disappointed. Even when I open the package, there are already rotting leaves, just as other reviewers have noted. (They tend to be the reddish ones.) The packages also all have water droplets inside. It's no fun having to sort through the mix to find the good leaves, and I usually end up throwing 1/3 away. I won't be buying this anymore. Wegmans, please fix this problem. Your reputation is better than this...
I agree with Anne and Liza. Used to be able to depend on this product being good. Now 80% of the time it's either rotting the day after it's opened, and yes I'm very careful about getting it into the crisper drawer quickly after purchasing it and when removing some from the container for a salad, or it's rotting in the middle of the container the day it's purchased, even if the use-by date is several days away and I chose the newest packages as they were being shelved. Other things I've noticed about them lately are 1) the contents are very wet like water was added to the container (harvested wet vegetation is going to rot quickly) and 2) many containers of the spring mix and other packaged organic greens are now sloppily packed with some of the contents sticking out of the sealed packaging and touching who knows what during shipping. All the packaged greens used to be dry when opened and lasted several days.
I used to love this lettuce - always fresh, great variety, great quality. I could buy it and it would keep until the expiration date, maybe one day longer. In the last few months, the quality has degraded substantially. I think they stand on it to force more into the box. There is a lot of bruised lettuce in the box as soon as I open it. I have to triple wash it at home to salvage the good leaves. The packaging has also changed multiple times in the last several months. The box used to be easy to open and the lid closed nicely. Now it varies between a box that the lid will not fit on and one that is a nuisance to open.

I'm going back to plain old head lettuces that I have to wash myself!
This has a great mixture of greens that are good for your health! I am so thankful to have a store like Wegmans where I can buy healthy products like this for an affordable price. I go thru about 3 of these a week. Blend it up with these berries (see link below), and you have a nutritious drink! A few years ago I started getting joint pain. I now eat these greens along with other veggies and fruits and the joint pain is gone. The joint pain stopped after a few weeks of changing my diet. Of course I cut out lots of bad food too (like processed food and fast food).

http://www.wegmans.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDisplay?langId=-1&storeId=10052&catalogId=10002&productId=760925
Too many rotten leaves mixed in. Packed too tight causing rot. Forces one to sort and wash the mix.
Love this. It's great with a light dressing.
I eat a LOT of this stuff and I love it!
This is by far my favorite salad mix. Since trying this I have not bought anything else. Thanks for keeping this at an affordable price for my family.
As a vegetarian, I buy this Club Pack 2 to 3 times a week. I am so excited to see that it made it on the WCLP Sumer List!!! I can't thank you enough!
Out of 3 tomatoes ordered, 2 of them were very bad! 
My fingers went right through them! How do I get a refund?
Excellent tomato and size
Not quite as flavorful as just picked from the garden, but close!
So fresh and yummy I can eat them by themselves.
Winter and early spring don't typically produce good tomatoes and these were great.
These are like 'garden fresh' as the saying goes. They're firm,unblemished, ripe but not over-ripe and tasty.
I’ve seen the quality in this product go downhill. I still have to cut brown stems off of pieces in the bag and some pieces get thrown away because they look spoiled. Step it up Wegmans!
Wilted, slimy in an unopened package less than 3 days after I got it home. Look for other options unless you plan to use the day of.
Does not last 2 days once you buy it even in good fridge. Expiry date is still 4 days away. 
Not once but tried many times. 
ALDI garden salad lasts much longer
Have purchased this product several times and never had a problem...but this bag, I weighed out 7 ounces yesterday (was saving some lettuce for a sandwich) and when I weighed the rest? There was only 6.3 ounces, including what I put back yesterday. I know times are tough and the price is cheap, but come on - that's pretty lousy. Quality still fine, quantity could use some oversight.
For the price its an mazing value - you can't find  the same basic mixed salad in stores for 3x the price.  I've ordered a number of times, had one batch go a bit brown, but it sat in my fridge for a while.
Little amount of leafy or green lettuce.  Nothing like a white watery salad (sarcasm).  It turned brown and slimy before expiration date. But it wasn’t healthy or appetizing looking anyway so it went straight into the compost.  Wegmans, stop skimping for profits please. I’d share a picture if I could.
Salad often goes bad before the expiration date. Lately it’s just been very soppy wet
I bought a bag on 2/13/20. Went to use it the next day and it was mostly brown. It was dated good until 2/18/20. Very disappointing. I had to throw it all out. Went to My store today and the same date is still there.
This is a good price  .99 a bag  but it turns brown and wilted even before the expiration date. I ended up having to throw most of it out. I think Wegmans can do a better job with this product.
First time I purchased it was pretty ok but lately they’ve all been sloppy. Wilted, overwashed lettuce. Has more of a watermelon texture, very wet. Not good for salad.
First bought this because it’s like the salad the kids get at school, and they actually eat it (peer pressure!). Seems to stay fresh a long time. I’m eating some today that we bought 10 days ago, and it’s still fine.
Had a bag dated the 6th and it was already brown on the 2nd, before the bag was even opened. Sometimes it’s great, but other times it goes bad prematurely. I’m not sure why.
This is my go to for a cheap easy lunch during the week
For the price, as a base to a salad, it's fantastic.
Not my first choice ... but it's what's affordable. Lots of  core pieces, but if you pick them out,  it works for the price. I would not pay more than .99 cents though.
... but it's $1 for a bag of salad. If I wanted something better, I'd probably go ahead and have the patience to pull apart a head of lettuce.
I find this to be a good salad starter ( or as is ) but keep in mind it's a bag of FRESH veggies and use by date is pretty accurate as far as when it will begin to go bad.
Unlike the other reviewers, I’ve never have a problem with this going bad.  After rinsing it, although it’s prewashed. I just make sure ALL the air is out of the freezer bag, I even wrap it in a paper towel to absorb any access water. Haven’t had any problems with it going bad.
Goes bad too fast.
It’s always pretty green and crisp. Tastes good and fresh. And the serving size on the packaging is right, about 5 servings.
It appears that Wegmans has gotten rid o the 2 lb bag of this and just has the 1 lb bag now. That is a shame, not just because the bigger bag was cheaper per ounce, but because it seems to have coincided with the return to putting way too many hard centers (that no one eats) into the bag. With a 2 lb bag, a few hard centers doesn't make as much of a difference. But in in these, it can mean half the bag you are throwing away. Regarding the other reviews about going ad quickly..I don't know what other brands they are buying, but Wegman's brands stay green way longer than any other brand I have ever bought, including ones that cost 3x as much for just 10 ounces. No salad will last past a few days. And none should be kept in the plastic bag. Take the salad out, pat it dry with a paper towel, and portion it out into flat tupperware and you will easily get three meals out of this. One the day you buy it, and then one more for the next two days.  I would often be able to get a full 6 meals out of the old 2 lb bags, eating one each day. So my only complaint is the hard centers. I don't like throwing away half a bag of anything.
I agree with other reviews on here. No matter what size I buy, this salad is usually watery and brown before the "use by" date. I contacted Wegmans about this a few times, and they sent me coupons. I did appreciate that, but they haven't done anything to remedy the issue.
I am a regular shopper & I keep buying the large bag for convenience but this is the last time.  We bought on a Friday with an advanced sell by date and the lettuce was so saturated with water - literally water logged a day later.  I know from the past to use it quickly and I do but this was unacceptable.   I love Wegmans but they need to change their packaging & process for this product!!
I don't usually leave comments, but this stuff was so awful, I had to.  Two days after buying (well within expiration date), both bags were drenched in water, which I didn't notice during purchase.  Contents were literally mush compacted into one-third of the bag.  Plan on returning tomorrow.  I only gave it 2 stars because it's not very expensive.
This bag of salad is huge for the money. Everyone who's complaining is either a hater or stupid. Wegman's brands are better than the others.
you buy this you better use same day, it wilts and turns brown within 24 hrs
I really like wegmans products usually but this is the lowest quality bagged salad I have ever bought. it often gets rusty before the use by date. after the bag is open you have to eat the salad within 24 hours. I didn't mind the quality when it was 99 cents but the price has gone up and I can buy higher quality bagged salad elsewhere that lasts longer. this is the first product I have reviewed since overall I am happy with wegmans and their products.
great on the first day but that's about it.
This really is not good....at all. You get what you pay for.
Sometimes, this salad mix is excellent.
However, oftentimes, it is wilted, even when
used long before the "best buy" date.
Item was mostly worth the value for a quick side dish at $0.99, but after raising the cost 30%. I think not.
Cheap Price, decent amount for it, decent quality
Tried it two times and both times I could squeeze the water out which made the whole bag very mushy.
Out of the last two packages of this I bought I got one edible salad. The first turned brown the day after I opened it. The second was brown when I opened it, the day after I boughtit. Both packages were at least 5 days from expiration.
Low cost, Taste good, Put in Tupperware to preserve after opening. Most bagged lettuce turns brown after opening. I would rather have it turn brown then have added preservatives.
...wilted, wet, and rusty. Barely lasts 2 days after opening, even after I've repackaged it in an attempt to stretch its life expectancy. I only like to buy it if I know that the entire package is going to be consumed immediately. Then, for $.99, it's fine. However, I would recommend they shave the carrots width wise instead of barely matchsticks so as to actually taste them.
This lettuce is the worst bagged lettuce I have ever purchased. Barely makes it 2 days and is almost wilted , brown and slimey. Do not waste your money!
Compared to the same salad product sold in other stores (sometimes that can happen), Wegmans version just doesn't last as long in the fridge. I would hazard a guess that the bag is a different type of plastic than the other brands. Often it starts going pink in a day or 2, and hardly ever makes it to the "use by" date. I've gotten to the point that I'll only buy it if I know I'll use it within a day. And often the "use by" date on the shelves is the next day so I'll skip it. Of all the hundreds of Wegmans products, this one is the only one I ever have a problem with. I wish they would find a new supplier. When it's fresh, it's great, but it just doesn't survive in its packaging.
I have had to return 3 bags of this to the store. They go bad before I even open them and way before the sell by date.
Lettuce wilts and turns brown quickly. Also get's slimey. Have had to throw out several times. Will not buy anymore.
I have bought this product twice and both times by the second day, the lettuce was soggy, wilted and wet. Had to be thrown out and will never buy again. I have purchased similar bagged salad mixes from name brands that have lasted for 4-5 days.
I don't like to do anything in the kitchen except eat. I particularly dislike doing anything with fresh produce: washing it, peeling it, cutting it up, cooking it, or anything else. Therefore I am always looking for products like this one.

To be really honest, I don't like green salads (or vegetables of any kind#, but I eat them because I feel like I must eat something that isn't primarily fat, protein and salt – the only things I really love eating. I can get through a salad if it's covered in a dressing I like, like blue cheese, but fancy lettuces don't appeal to me any more than iceberg does.

In fact, I like iceberg better, because it has a slight sweetness the fancier, greener lettuces lack, and it is crisper, less like eating leaves off a tree. The red cabbage in this salad adds a nice bit of tang to the lettuce, so it's not as bland as lettuce alone would be. I can see the carrot shreds, but as far as I can tell they add nothing except a little color. This salad mix is so easy to deal with and such a great bargain that it almost makes me happy to buy it.

I have been buying it for many years. I must have bought over a hundred pounds of it in both the one- and two-pound bags, and I have never gotten one that wasn't fresh and crisp. The only times I have seen any sign of deterioration have been the rare occasions when I've kept it past the use-by date, and even then it tastes fine even if it looks a little ragged. #But, as I said, I do not eat salads for the taste.)

I am a single person living alone, so I do not have a lot of people here consuming it fast. However, I do use it for salads – fairly large salads – not just taking out a few pieces each day to put on a sandwich, so when I buy a one-pound bag I never leave it opened overnight. Someone wanting lettuce for sandwiches might want to buy just lettuce, not a salad mix.

Although it seems not to be listed online, the same salad in a two-pound bag is a slightly better deal and has the advantage of a resealable bag. I press most of the air out after opening, and it stays fresh for at least three days.
I thought this was a great deal at only $1.29 until I opened it to use just a little to put on chicken wraps and a day later the lettuce was already getting that "pink" around the edges.
Too much moisture in the field mix which causes the greens to go bad especially the purple greens.
The greens are too wet, causing it to go bad quickly.  The top layer is ok but after the first salad, the leaves are damp, already getting slimey. I wish Wegmans would do a smaller bagged package that doesn't go bad before I can eat it.  I hate having to throw half of it out every time.
I was eating my salad and there was cardboard in it. I went out of my way to bring it back and the customer service lady Kerri was rude at best. Offered me nothing But attitude. I think I’ll shop elsewhere.
I used to always have this as a staple in my refrigerator.
It spoils in a day or 2. If your not going to consume it all the day you shop, don’t buy it . When I complained about this I was told to just bring it back, it’s too inconvenient to go back at meal time  when this is never an isolated incident.
Something changed in the last 2 months. Most of the greens i buy in these containers now spoil very quickly, have too much moisture on them, and from the moment the container is first opened, there are leaves that have to be picked out and discarded. So disappointed as I love these veggies!
The triple wash spring mix is not useable after a day or two. It is very wet and that caused many of the leaves to rot. This problem occurs well before the sell by date.
This was my go-to salad. But like other reviewers, I have to pick through the box removing all the rotten pieces way before the product should truly expire! I even called customer service and they graciously sent me a gift card, apologizing for this "isolated incident". Far from isolated! I would recommend drying the leaves before packaging and don't squish so many in a box.
I have purchased this several times now and have been disappointed each time. I carefully go through to find the container with the latest sell by date but cannot have this stuff remain fresh more than 2-3 days after getting it home. Half time time the greens are already starting to get slimy and rotten while they're on the shelf with 3 days left on their "best by" date. I love Wegman's for all its products but I find salad mixes from other stores including the price club are fresher and last longer.
The spring mix at this store has become so awful the past few months. Always slimy.
There has yet to be a purchase that has made it until the expiration date. I always look for the farthest date out, and consistently am left with salad gone bad well before it should.
Wash and eat while fresh and they are wonderful. (If they sit around and/or get refrigerated you may be disappointed)
The biggest pain is the failed expectations. Skip these. They taste worst than average.
I bought these because the extremely sweet Super Bomb tomatoes (black label) disappeared.   To say they were sub par would be gushing about them. No flavor mostly, sour when there was flavor. Wegmans!!  Find those Super Bomb tomatoes again!!!!
I used to buy these for snacking because they were so sweet and good. The last two times I’ve purchased them they had zero flavor.
Been buying these for years because they WERE quite tasty and sweet consistently. However in 2018 and now they are sub-par. I even wrote the company asking them to look into it as I suspect we were getting basic cherry tomatoes. It’s only slightly better now, so I suspect they changed their source supplier/farm.
I have been buying these for years. Always loved them, as they were crunchy, perfect as an addition to a salad or on their own as a snack. 
In recent months, I have been rather disappointed in these quite pricey tomatoes. They are either soft and taste old, and also the skin now is really tough on them. Initially I thought it was because it was winter time, but still have the same problem now through summer time. At this price I expect more
I buy these tomatoes at least 4-5 times a month. The last 2 times they tasted old and where quite soft!! Yuck
This is the 3rd time I've bought these tomatoes and they were moldy.
Pricey but delish.  Good enough to eat on its own.
Not only sweet and delicious, but they last as long as a week....
More expensive but great flavor. I don't use them in salads. I eat them right out of the package
I love Wegmans rotisserie chicken but was surprised to find an organ still inside when we served it. I’m no expert so I dont know what it was but know its not something I’ve seen before, especially inside an already fully cooked chicken.
Very good chicken, but quite small for the price.
We have purchased many Rotisserie chickens from your John Glenn Store with no problem.  Today, I purchase such from your RT. 31 Store.It was in its original bag then placed in a plastic bag then placed on a tarp in the rear of our Toyota.  At home, when I lifted the plastic bag all the grease, etc had spilled out of both bags.  What a mess to clean up.  Just thankful it was on a tarp and not the carpet.  Ref. 1/6/20 02:28PM 35 8 82 392770
When I purchase this chicken I usually re cook it by adding: fresh onions, garlic, green peppers, and a half of cup of water in which I pour the water on top of the chicken. I bake it for forty minutes and base it every ten minutes. My family loves it. I am just seeing that honey is used to make it and I am allergic to honey. But, I guess they use the honey for color.
Wegmans Plain Rotisserie Chicken is the Best roast chicken I have ever tasted. Tender, moist, perfectly cooked, not salty, no off flavors.
best price, great quality, can't go wrong
I typically buy two at a time. We use the breast meat for sandwiches and I pick most of the rest of the meat for casseroles or soup. I leave some meat on the carcasses and freeze them. When I have several saved up I make homemade chicken stock (Ina Garten's recipe is delicious and foolproof). I agree with another poster that they would taste even better without the added sugar/honey. Still, I prefer Wegman's chicken over Costco's as Costco's, although much bigger, are also much fattier.
I used to buy these when “plain” meant  plain. The honey is unnecessary. It doesn’t add anything  to the taste of the chicken except  an unpleasant sweetness.   Now  since people are more aware of products with added sugar this should be removed. Years ago, before the honey brine I was buying two a week. Very disappointed.
I typically purchase my rotisserie chickens at Sam's Club. I decided I wanted to try the rotisserie from Wegmans and I will never buy my rotisserie from Wegmans again. first of all the size of the chicken is about half of the rotisserie from Sam's club. Secondly is the taste, it did not have a good taste at all in fact the chicken tasted as if it was possibly old and not fresh. We didn't like the taste of it so we decided to throw it out and cook something else for our dinner.
I love Wegmans rotisserie chicken! (Lemon Pepper, too) It’s cathartic to peel and pick the chicken apart and use it throughout the week. I even bought one to have as my main dish for Thanksgiving because who wants to cook their own bird? Ha!

I only give 4 stars because I have been wanting for years to have the option to buy their rotisserie chicken already pulled and packaged for those times when I just don’t want to do it myself! But it really is a 5 star product.
Pair it with Kendall Jackson Chardonnay (sold in the Wegmans Wine Shop for $9.99) and you’ve got a great low-cost start of an economic meal.
This chicken doesn’t even come close to Costco’s in terms of size, price or flavor!
I used to love buying these, but tonight I could hardly eat half a piece.  I could smell a hint of vinegar and the meat tasted entirely too sweet.
Very tiny
I used to buy these chickens all the time and then I noticed that they started to taste sweeter and sweeter. I probably have not bought a chicken in over a year now, much to my regret. With all the publicity about how harmful sugar can be, I think it's time for Wegman's to remove the sugar out of the brine. I would love to start buying these chickens again, but they are too sweet. I am not talking about the BBQ chickens either...I'm referring to the plain chicken and also the lemon chicken. All have a very sweet taste and it takes away from the true  flavor of a real chicken!
Love these chickens! Great flavor, easy meals or quick soup. Better taste than other area supermarkets.
Good chicken, packaging was annoying.
I just told my daughter last night that  I only will get my rotisserie chicken from Wegmans. She agreed with me wholeheartedly. It’s freshness and taste surpasses any other competitors’ chicken. It’s breast meat is more than you get anywhere on a chicken too. Living alone I cut the chicken in half. The other half goes in the freezer. I made up my own recipe with the chicken breast. I take approximately 3 oz of chicken. I put in top of it Wegmans’ pasta sauce. To that I add shredded mozzarella cheese and warm it up in the microwave. From half a chicken I can get several meals.
Dislike bag packaging & chicken over cooked. Chicken was falling off the bone being over cooked. Chicken was also dry and lacking juice on packaging. Bought 2 chickens Tuesday, 10/09/2018, at 2 pm. Wegmans cooked chicken quality has gone down. Recently purchased 2 chickens from Boston Market. Boston Market chickens were much better cooked then Wegmans. They were not over cooked & they were not dry. They were pre cut into pieces, making them easy to eat or use to cook with. I think Wegmans can do better like they did in the past.
Love these for weeks when I am super busy and know I won’t have time to do any major cooking! Simple shred on top of some mixed greens, or roasted veggies and you’re good to go!
The chicken is delicious, not dried out and very flavorful. This is the perfect fast food meal at a great price.
Plain organic chicken very dry.  Not worth the price paid.
I was hesitant to purchase this after reading all the negative reviews but I'm glad that I took the chance. I found it very flavorful and tender. I will purchase again in the future.
I thought the chicken was bland, dry and small. It’s been getting worse and worse over the last year. Not going to buy again
I totally agree with Kathy in the previous review.  Bland and greasy.  No flavoring, not even salt, at all.  We've had the plain rotisserie chicken before and it was good.  Something was all wrong with this chicken.
Thought this would be a convenient way to finish a meal after a day of shopping.  However I had difficulty getting it down due to the immense amount of grease. It was also very bland with no flavor at all. Really disappointed.
I've had four or five of these over the past few weeks and they are excellent.  Bursting with flavor, easy to prepare (3 minutes in the microwave!) and less than $5.  For a single person who hates cooking, these are a steal and provide days of leftovers.  I don't detect the 'too-sweet' flavor so many people have complained of.  They taste flavorful, juicy and fantastic to me.  My only complaint is sometimes they're sold out by the time I get out of work! ;)
It used to be the best deal in market as a diabetic watching sugars can’t purchase this too much anymore so disappointed they keep putting hidden sugars in foods hope ripple are aware
Not a plain, but sweet.  Wegmans Plain Chicken, Honey Brined Rotisserie is a candied chicken. In fact, I almost picked up the barbecue instead. That variety would likely work well with the heavy hand on the "honey" brine.  A hint of sweetness is cool, but I sure was hoping for something more savory.  I think I'll probably pass next time.
What's with the bag? My guess is it's better for the environment but it makes the chicken less crispy and harder to work with. In the old packaging I used to be able to slice the chicken off the bone right in the plastic container it came in. Now I have to reach in, with my hands and grab the chicken body out and place it in a dish, which makes more dishes to clean. It's just not as convenient as it used to be. Also, this tends to leak everywhere because it's not always zip locked closed entirely. I very much dislike this change.
For the life of me, I can't figure out why this is only averaging three stars on the mobile app. The price is dirt cheap compared to my local grocery store's $7.99 rotisserie chicken and it tastes ten times better that that overpriced bird.
Had one of these over the weekend for the first time and it was fantastic.  I am on ketogenic/low carb-high fat diet and i always watch my carb intake, especially sugar.  The honey adds negligible sugar/carbs to the chicken itself.  Also, it does not taste 'sweet' like some on here (who probably haven't even tried it and are just turned off by the 'honey brined' part) believe. It has a nutrition facts panel on the bag and if people would take the time to read it they would see there is very, very little sugar in this chicken.  It is also not actual honey they use, it is powdered honey used for flavor - not with the intent of sweetening the chicken.  Trust me, staying in ketosis is difficult enough, I certainly wouldn't be eating it if it had significant amounts of sugar in it.  All in all it is great!    Glad I tried it, and would definitely buy it again.  Price is fantastic, too!
how about bringing a plain, non brined, roasted chicken back please?
This is the tastiest market chicken. I've had acme and super fresh. We all loved it.
Very flavorful and tender. Will buy again!! Great way to make bbq chicken pizza and chicken pot pie!
The rotisserie chicken is tasty but I am very conscious of items with honey. I only buy local honey because most honey 1) is from foreign counties, 2) has all the healthful pollens filtered out (to mask the country of origin), and 3) has been found to contain antibiotics banned in the US. Wegmans please remove "honey" from the rotisserie chickens.
I went to the Perinton store to check out the new improvements, it is great and can't wait until the Burger Bar is completed. I was buying ingredients for a Wegmans soup I love, and wanted to pick up a chicken to eat for dinner.
I've always felt that the price and quality were excellent on Wegman's chicken. But, I am very disappointed with the new "bagged" packaging. Chicken is hard to see, and felt like it was steamed in the plastic bag, the skin was not crispy. Meat was moist and tasty, but not impressed with the new package at all. Worst than that, the bag leaked juice into my grocery bag.
This is the only chicken that my entire family will eat and no one complains.
For many years, Wegmans rotisserie chicken was the juicy, flavorful, predictably perfect centerpiece of a meal, with a complimentary, subtle herb flavor added for good measure. Now, with the infusion of a brining solution, good flavor is missing and, really, all varieties taste alike. I choose not to purchase meat products from other stores when broth solution is added. If it is a question of economics, perhaps it is time to raise the price. I believe most faithful Wegmans' shoppers would pay more for the taste and quality they have come to expect.
Unfortunately, I'll be needing to go to other stores when I want rotisserie chicken now. Wegmans would be smart to go back to the regular chicken, especially since more people are watching their sugar intake and living low-carbohydrate lifestyles.

Very disappointed in the change. Plus, the honey taste is aggressive, and doesn't lend itself well to a variety of recipes like the original chicken did. It would be better to have a honey-brined chicken for those who like that, and regular chicken.
Sugar? Evaporated Cane syrup (sugar) and Honey? No thank you. Why, Wegmans, why, do you keep playing with your food? This was a regular tasty and nutritious purchase. Eat the chicken make a stock and have some delicious soup. Not with sugar in the broth. Aren't we supposed to be removing sugars from our diets? I certainly don't feel good about this.
Maybe I just got one from a bad batch, but I do not believe a chicken this young needs to be brined to be tender. And we certainly don't need additional sugar in the form of honey, or extra salt. I used to buy these chickens frequently. I would use the leftover frame for stock. Not anymore. Sweet chicken broth? I am much happier buying and roasting my own. The beautiful Wegman's roasters are only $.99 a pound.
The price was good but this was the worst rotisserie chicken I have ever had. It is completely lacking any flavor. We threw out the left overs as no one wanted to eat it.
This tastes like 'home roasted' - it's juicy, tasty and NOT TOO SALTY. There are 2 of us and it lasted 2 days plus. Good buy.
Good value for the money. Don't believe that you could make one for that little money. I like all the flavors (there are several). They are so very moist and delicious. Great for a quick meal or even for a not so quick meal. I buy one at every grocery trip and my family loves it.
Inexpensive and delicious! You can't go wrong with this chicken if you're on a budget and don't feel like making dinner.
Its good but goes bad very fast..
I used to buy this alot, it was our absolute favorite, but the bags were full then... The quality if the lettuce and the amount in the bag are very poor now. I am very disappointed because Now i have to search for a new go to lettuce to buy...
This is an absolute rip off. The bag was 1/4 full and all yellow. I used Instacart so I didn’t pick it out myself but the fact that the bag was 1/4 filled is awful. I wish I could post the picture of it.
I just bought a bag yesterday and it was a great looking bag. I went to use it a day later and it was slimy and all brown. It was disgusting and I had to throw it out. I hate wasting money on produce that I’m going to use within a few days. The best by date was Jan 18th a whole 10 days and it was rotten in 1 day. I have always loved Wegmans produce but not so much anymore. I’m extremely disappointed in all the produce. Apples and peppers are almost always bad too. Not worth the money cause I end up throwing it away. I’ll stick to the farmers markets from now on.
I agree that the quality of the lettuce has declined and that it doesn't last as long as it used to - opened or unopened.  Not worth the price anymore , esp since spring mix and romaine are 2/$3.
Bag now has fewer lettuce in it & pieces are brown. Not worth the price
This has always been my go to lettuce.  The quality recently has greatly diminished.   The leaves are frequently brown many days before the use by date when the bag has not even been opened.   There are also fewer and fewer quality leaves in the bag.  Too many hard parts and not enough “butter” lettuce.
I bought two bags on March 3 that had a use by date of March 10.  Within a couple of days, they were "rusty" and unappealing.  The bags of washed butter lettuce contain too many small pieces.  Not worth the price.
Really good and a lot of lettuce.
It's one of few ways I can get my kids to eat leafy greens.
Buying this salad is a bit like entering a lottery: Sometimes the contents is as pictured on the bag.  But more often a quarter or more is middle pieces and stem pieces that are essentially inedible. (Sorry to say, but when it comes to bagged butter lettuce, Trader Joe's is much better.)
alough the product is good if find the lettuce to be rusty a day or so after I bring it home even though the expiration date is still good. I also found that the c ompany that bags for wegmans uses a lot of the middle pieces where there are alot of middle pieces. Not the beautiful outer pieces that Butter Lettuce is known for.
Always have to inspect the lettuce for bugs and other insects. Never consistent, sticking with iceberg lettuce from now on.
I will be returning this item. Only choice on the floor was these organic ones and I opened only to find small flies and eggs, and larvae. Yuck!
Sometimes they are great and green, other times they are bland and white.
The first two times we tried this lettuce, we found it fresh, crisp and delicious with no browning. The third time we bought it there was some brown noticed, but we figured it was just on the outside. The other packages looked the same. We opened it the next day to eat it, six days before its labeled date. It was brown throughout, mainly in the stalk cores and ribs. It was bitter to eat and was thrown in the compost. It appears as though it was frozen at some point. Too bad - such a waste. It was so good the first times and seemed like a keeper.

Be forewarned, if you see any brown on the ribs, don't buy it.
Good lettuce
Ready to use.  Perfect for nibbling or to use in a salad.
The back I got recently was so delicious so tasty can't say it's like that every time but I guess I got a nice fresh batch
Nuf said
I’m a tomato ‘addict’. So I know my tomatoes. These are the best tasting cherry tomatoes I’ve tasted in a long time. I eat them like candy. I shop at Wegman’s specifically for these delicious morsels.
The flavor is out of this world. I eat them like fruits.
I tried these a couple years ago and am no longer happy with any other tomatoes since that day. These tomatoes won every flavor award the year they were harvested. Thank you Wegmans family for branding and bringing them to your stores. These is the ONLY tomatoes for my family!
Who needs fruit when there are those? Those are hands down, THE BEST tasting tomatoes you have ever had. Even the smell is amazing. Very sweet, very firm, just delicious.
The only tomatoes I’ll buy
Best produce anywhere. Wish you were closer to East Brunswick or Monroe
We eat then as a snack.
These are so amazing! Even for early spring the flavor is sweet, firm, juicy! Great buy!
I wish these came in a larger container!  They're amazingly sweet!
These tomatoes are soo delicious! Cut them in half and  drizzle or spray with light oil and add a pinch of salt and pepper.  I could eat these little gems for days. I need these in larger quantities!
Love these tomatoes! Highly recommend!
Flavor bomb is very accurate! This is hands down the sweetest tastiest tomato! Definitely recommend!
We love these baked, but I have also mashed them and used them in stews.
These are individual potatoes and always pretty decent quality.  They aren't sold in any pack.
Bought first-time russet potatoes pack and within a week 2 potatoes got rotten (white powder appear on the outside surface), had to throw away packet.
Whether frying, baking or mashing, this is the potato most recommended byFfood Network and others.
Parts go bad before I even open it every time. Have to pick through the salad mix. Not buying anymore. Waste of money.
Ordered spring mix.  Got a bag of rotting veg.
I used to get this all the time. They switched packaging or something because now it goes bad in a day. .
Since you changed the packaging, the spring mix goes bad well before the expiration date.  I just opened two packages and both were bad, this is the third and final time...I will not buy again.
The quality of these greens is really hit or miss, and unfortunately, they’re usually a miss.
I love this mix. I have never had a problem with it spoiling even after it being in my fridge for a week.
My salad contained a grasshopper. I took a picture and wish I could share  - this is unbelievable
It looked good in the bag, and we opened it the day after buying it - three days before the "Best By" date. We couldn't use it after opening though - it smelled rancid. Watch out!
Same as everyone else has said...
I love this mix! The flavor and combination of greens is delicious- however, as many have said, it goes bad within a couple of days. I have found the triple washed organic mix in the plastic container lasts much longer, but it is also triple the price.
I love the greens combination in this mix, but will not buy again as the "best by" date is not a good guage and it spoils too quickly..
The quality on the first day is very good, but it goes downhill very quickly after opening.
Some of the greens were wilted and slimy one day after purchase.
Recently bought a bag on Sunday and it was bad by Tuesday. This is unacceptable. We have not had a bag last till the best by date.
NOT WORTH THE $- goes BAD VERY FAST
I've tried other brands, but this one beats them all. It has the best flavor and crunch, and it stays fresh for at least week, no matter what the expiration date is. Try it with Marie's Caesar Dressing and add anchovies, hard boiled eggs, avocado, and grilled salmon for a great low carb lunch.
For months, I have had experiences where I purchase Wegmans bagged salad and they are wilted/brown/slimy/no longer acceptable to eat only 1-2 days after purchasing. I have not experienced this problem with the same severity with other grocery store brand bagged salads. It's very disappointing as Wegmans' brand usually Haaa excellent quality products.
I bought this on a Friday and opened it on Sunday. There was already slimy bits in the bag. Despite closing it and tossing in a paper towel, it got even slimier by the next day. I've had this problem with other bagged lettuces from Wegmans so it's probably better just to buy the hearts of romaine and just cut it up yourself, the bagged salads always seem to go bad in a blink of an eye.
Easily lasts a week if you close the bag, duh
No matter what the "use by" date is unless you eat the whole bag the day you open it (and buy it) it will go bad. Walmart's a much better bargain at $1.97 and its crisp and doesn't turn brown/slimy immediately.
Makes havinga quick salad so easy!
We used to love the Wegmans Romaine salads, but in the last few month the quality has really gone downhill. Too many time we've had to throw away the bags because of slimy or brown lettuce.
Found a long blond hair in the salad. I have dark hair. Very disconcerting. Freshness date Oct 11th. Used on Oct 8th. Some leaves slimy and had to be discarded. Then I found the hair and had to toss entire bag. Have had to throw away too many Wegmans salads. Will never purchase again.
Your asparagus was delicious and so much better than the skinny stalks at just about every other store I've been to. It was fat and fresh and came out just right!
I consider this a "staple" from the vegetable department. It is mild, tender and easy to cook. I have found it delicious steamed and served with butter or roasted with cheese as seen in the Winter Menu magazine.
They are sweet not bitter. They are tasty and very affordable! They are a very good source of vitamin A.
These baby carrots have a sweetness to their flavor. I can't stand bitter carrots. They are a regular item on our grocery list!
I personally think these carrots taste fine, but hey, everyone's taste buds are different.
I regret buying these tasteless carrots
I freeze these in 1 cup sized portions and they are perfect for tossing into a stir-fry, a quick veggie to add to a curry, or sprinkled on my salads. Super versatile and the price is great.
I add them to our salads all the time. So muh easier then trying to cut myself. Also good for adding into a tuna salad. Just chop a little and voila
I throw these into salads to add some crunch and sweetness. They are organic and the price is perfect.
They usually have a variety of large and small jalapeños which is great but it can sometimes be difficult to judge how hot each one will be. We always get a couple extra just in case we get a dud (I think it's just the nature of jalapeños maybe?).

Sometimes I like to toss them with a teeny bit of salt and oil and lightly roast them to add some spiciness to a couple recipes.
Just need a couple for some great guacamole or to spice up any Mexican dish. Good quality peppers with real, fresh flavor
This is a staple of mine and I don’t know what I would do without it. I am always so sad when they’re out!
I usually enjoy Wegman's products just as much or more than the name brands. I unfortunately didn't enjoy this yogurt though and won't be buying it again. It was too thin and watery, didn't even have the Greek yogurt texture.
Thankfully, Wegman's finally opened a store only 20 minutes away from my home.  Previously, I would plan my road trips near a Wegman's, so I could buy a month's (3 qts) supply of the Wegman's Organic Fat Free Greek Yogurt. ps I'm still buying 3 qt. at a time.
Kids love it and I love it too! And they are picky when it comes to yogurt (esp Greek)! I love Wegmans products! Makes organic more affordable and is always delicious! It's the only place I shop!
you have them only at penfield store I shop at pertion fairport store dose not have them why????
This Greek yogurt has a great taste and texture.  Doesn't have that funny after taste of some of the lower calorie yogurts.
