They were badly bruised and unacceptable.  Very surprised at the quality. I would like a refund
I get bananas every week.  These asre fabulous
Wegman's bananas are never over ripe or bruised, the bananas Wegmans buyes are shipped green and Wegmans finishes the ripening in an controlled atmosphere so wegmans bananas are all way put out to customers at the peek of ripeness. Love them.
Their bananas taste better than the ones I get in Brooklyn. The peel is thicker, and the fruit is sweeter.
I still can't believe these are so cheap! Great price for bananas.
Wegmans is the best supermarket of all. Great prices and good staff. The best bananas of all
Your bananas have the best taste!  I have eaten bananas from different stores and yours are the best!
Generall good. Purchase green because they ripen fast. Great price all the time.
You can get one ready to eat and then a few to come to ripe in a day or two . The best choices.
The bananas at Wegmans are usually fresher and with less bruising at Wegmans than at any other store in the Cicero/Clay area. Tip: Buy them green because they typically don't last very long.
Usually a bit green on the shelf, perfect when home. They're just bananas though so look them over for bruises etc before taking them home.
Very sad ☹ I’ve been buying bananas from Wegmans, Montvale, NJ every week  since it opened. They’re usually good. However, the last bunch I bought on 9/3  Labor Day was terrible. They looked perfect on the outside. But, when I took one to eat that day, I noticed the tip of the banana was soft. I peeled the banana and saw that about an inch from the tip was rotten. I figure it was just an exception.  I cut off the tip and ate the rest. It was ok I guess. On the next day, I was going to make smoothies. I noticed another 4 out of the bunch also have soft tips. Guess what? I peel them and noticed every one of them was more than an inch rotten from the tip! It ruined my appetite. Lesson learned: feel the tip of the bananas before buying. That’s one thing I never needed to do in the past. Very disappointed the recent quality control
They taste like bananas!
Om nom nom. Cheap, and reliably delicious!
Delicious!
Tops Markets vs Wegmans Bananas
Tops last longer
Tops do not have pre-bruises

You cannot tell right away that Wegmans banamas have bruises, but after a day or two they start getting spotty. I do not have this experience with bananas from Tops Markets. I buy all my food from Wegmans and I make a special trip to Tops just for the bananas. 

Today, I just ate a banana I bought from Wegmans yesterday. (Didn't have time to go to Tops) It was green when I bought it. But then today, it was green and browning. Only Wegmans bananas...

I have a feeling Wegmans does not ship them correctly or maybe just handle them correctly and that is why they show their bruises so fast.

I am also wondering if they do not store them at the warehouse correctly or store them correctly when they are in the truck. (Thinking temperature)

I'm not a storage or shipping expert, so I can only speculate..... But something is not right.....
I used to buy bananas here all of the time, but recently they get worse and worse. I do everything to get rid of the grey/green color but it doesn’t go away. Then when I go to eat one it’s disgusting.
The bananas are simply imported from poor distributors. It seems like they cut the bananas way too early off the tree and they never reach their full potential. Every time I buy bananas they turn a strange green/yellow/grey hue after a few days and never truly ripen to that bright yellow. This leaves them tasting dull, mealy, and have a strange core. Disappointing – please look into your distributors practices.
The past few bunches of bananas I have bought have been brown on the inside.  One bunch even had a black, hard core in the center of the ripe banana.
Have bananas mutated? Since they're imported I don't know when the good season is, but the past year 2015/16, these have gotten worse and worse -- so bad that I stopped buying them.

Buying them green often results in them ripening to a mealy dry interior
and then gong bad. Buying them yellow means they last just a day and still don't taste great.
Wegmans produce – especially their bananas – are always of great quality. We buy them every week.
I always buy them green so they take some time to ripen. Never had any problems.
I like em
Banana was way to soft and tasted like a bucket of apples
Great price! I get a case each time I am there. Awesome value!
Wow! These bananas are so much like what I'd expect! They're yellow! And they are bananas! Good job Wegmans!
Yes, there probably is a better banana somewhere! But I don't know where, (most likely in the tropics where they're picked ripe off the tree) and I don't know how much it would cost to get there... Wegmans' bananas at 49 Cents / lb. are a great value for a natural food in nature's perfect wrapper!
these are ok but why not sell Chiquita brand bananas? they are mucho better!
Cheap, healthy, great source of potassium . Also recommend buying the green bags, they really extend the shelf life!
Why have the bananas been so soft for quite a while? I was there when they were being put out, and they felt really warm. How are they stored and why are they warm? Disappointed with the quality control of these bananas. However, Wegmans low banana pricing has brought the price down at all the other surrounding supermarkets too ( not that I hardly shop anywhere else nowadays ).
A bargin price and healthy too! What more can you ask for?
Why not buy your bananas from wegmans, they make the best smoothies!! and have the best recipe!
The first product I purchase each and every visit to Wegmans! My grandchildren love them for a healthy snack; they tell me “Bananas are so good!"
Fresh, not banged up or bruised, and the price is right.
Thank you for a quality product!
I am always pleased when I go to Wegmans and shop their produce department, especially with their stock of bananas!! They are fresh and always a great low price! I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Wegman's keeps the price low on an item that's loaded with vitamins/minerals. My husband takes 2/day to "eat on the run" @ his very physically active job. I buy like 4 - 5 lbs every week, staggering the colors so they don't ripen too fast. Even if they do, they go into zip baggies for banana muffins/breads, and smoothies.
Did you know that the produce dept. restocks every half hour......that's customer service!
The banana display is well stocked and each bunch seems perfect. I love the fact that the bananas are only 49 cents per pound. Please keep up the good work. Love your store.
I will only purchase my produce from Wegmans. Their quality is a cut above the rest.
Love the ability to track needed food on my iPad for shopping
Love these!
I love these bananas!
The smaller bushels are nicer since banana wont go to waste. Organic is best
I love these bananas.  Organic is good.  I get at least one bunch a week.  In fact, 94011 is the only produce code I have memorized.
I believe anything organic is good for the health of the people.
I had doubts about any taste difference between organic and regular and to my surprise the organic ones are much sweeter, well worth the few extra cents.
Always buy slightly green. Skin condition accurately reflects fruit inside and flavor is always good - much better than traditional bananas. So happy these are offered at my Wegmans and are a reasonable price.
These bananas are the bees knees~
I love this product, regular bananas use a ton of pesticides in that tropical weather. Organic bananas are cleaner and taste better!
The bananas are great. The only problem is they are often out of stock.
These organic bananas are pretty good. We wont buy the regular ones. These are a healthier choice.
While the taste of the organic doesn't seem any different than the ""regular"" bananas, Wegmans seems to offer the organic version at a reasonable price.  Therefore, we only buy the organic ones -- because we're probably getting a better product that we just can't see.  This is an easy choice to make in supporting an organic product, given the reasonable price.  Plus, they always seem to be fresh - never found stale/brown organic bananas at Wegmans.
Poorest quality all mushy & bruised
Tt
A little hard to open- but the size of these bananas are great for little tikes!
A deliciously sweet banana, AND awesome best "sweet" PRICE :-)
They are a healthy snack option too!
An interesting novelty  however the skins are extra thick sne the taste is bland and the texture is pasty.
Slightly sweeter and slightly deeper flavor than the traditional yellow cavendish bananas. Can be challenging to know when they are ripe due to the color so I use the feel test and if they seem a little soft then they are ready.
A little more expensive but their smaller size is perfect for my two year old. No waste when he wants the whole banana and do it himself.
I thought this yogurt was refreshing and delicious.
This was my favorite flavor or yogurt, until Wegmans recently changed it, to contain less sugar. Now it has a bitter, aspartame aftertaste, which doesn't taste good, at all. Bring back the old flavor!
I can understand that Wegmans wants to reduce the sugar in their yogurt. Unfortunately this banana vanilla yogurt now has a fake chemical flavor. It’s a totally different flavor altogether. I’m so disappointed! I loved the flavor of the original Wegmans Banana Vanilla Yogurt and I wish Wegmans would bring it back.
I put these Hungarian Wax Peppers in my spaghetti sauce. They pair well with the pork. At purchase, the peppers should not yield under gentle pressure. Sometimes they are too curly or soft but mostly they are good. I do not chop these peppers but rather make vertical slits in them all the way around, placing them in my sauce to simmer. This allows them to soften and release their tasty juices. These Hungarian Wax Peppers add a gentle heat and pleasant flavor.
I do not like spicy, hot food and have found these peppers to be consistantly mild-mod. heat with the added benefit of a nice flavor.
My kids love these but I'm not sure where the value is. The value 12 pack costs as much as 2 regular 6 packs.
A convenient and sweetened yogurt drink. It comes in several fruit flavors. Our kids have been enjoying occasional mini-bottles for years.
I like the size of these because they are good for kids and are also one of the few whole milk yogurts available.
My kids really like this yogurt. I'm glad to have these smaller cups in the whole milk variety.
Very tasty yogurt and I like the nutritional values in it. I don’t like the taste of many light yogurts or Greek yogurt so this is perfect for me.
For my kids between meals!
Probably the best cook at home pizza taste, ready in just a few minutes.
The flavor was awesome. Peppers were super fresh, sausage had a great texture, sauce was delicious. Worth every penny.
Absolutely the creamiest and fluffiest banana pudding I have EVER tasted. It is my grandson's favorite.
It’s a shame it’s being sold at the Brooklyn, New York location.
This is the BEST banana pudding I have tasted and I have had some very good banana pudding made from varied recipes. It's a must try.
My favorite!
This is amazing! So much flavor, super creamy and keeps you FULL for hours!
I really like these. The crunch is good and so is the flavor.
I am a big fan of these. I actually like them better than raw bananas!  Maybe it is the crunch. Thanks for offering them in convenient containers.
Such a good treat!
My LO was not a fan of this one which surprised me. I tasted it and it didn't taste like the bananas I know. I think there might be a bit too much lemon juice concentrate in this food, but try it, you LO may like it.
Super good low cal treat!
These taste amazing!!!
A nice snack. My husband and I share one of the banana and one of the strawberry. We get the best of both with less calories,
Contrary to the previous review, these are delicious. They must stay frozen and are intended to be eaten frozen. As with normal bananas, if you cut them and leave them out for a while, they will get brown and mushy.

The bananas are very delicious and the dark chocolate complements them well. A wonderful alternative to an ice cream bar while being equally satisfying!
The banana slices are brown and mushy. We each took one bite and through the rest of the package in the trash.
