Great way to try new items! If I really hate something, I don’t feel so bad pouring out a single bottle rather than an entire 6pk or more. Certain stores have great selection.
We can try new beers and don't get stuck with a whole six pack if we don't like it
Often times you can find expensive beer in the craft pack selection. The craft pack goes for 10 bucks, you can sometimes save 4-6 bucks by filling the pack with an expensive beer, rather than outright buying the expensive beer in a pack.
A pretty good Fall beer.
Sam Adams makes great beer!
So smooth and fresh! :)
Even worse than regular Corona.
Heineken was my favorite lager for a while. I recently tried Stella and I have to say, it has taken my number one spot.
Belgium produces some of the best beers available, this is not one of them.
Not too bad, pretty refreshing on a hot day.
This water has a weird taste, like it wants to be something different. Technically this could be labeled a soft drink.
Ok...more costly than many popular beers but once you try Southern Tier Imperial Pumking you’ll realize why - it tastes fantastic!!
Absolutely love this beer!!
You will go Ape over this Ale. It's full bodied, flavorful, spicy and creamy. Use with caution.
Fat Tire is a classic and west to east transplants missed it greatly til now. It really is a great beer. The price is just a little too high to enjoy it regularly though, nearly $20 for a 12 pack is simply more than I would ever spend on beer. I think that's probably not Wegmans fault, but it is priced beyond what working people can afford. Coors, here I come....
I've waited for years for Fat Tire to make its way here from CO. Couldn't be happier!
One of the friendliest beers I have ever had.
Really liked this Ale. Not to heavy with out that hoppy taste.
My husband & I both really enjoyed these brats. We have trouble with highly spiced food, but these had depth of flavor without being "hot." They were very juicy. We put them straight on the grill and cooked them slowly.
Disclaimer: I'm from Wisconsin, and my bratwurst expectations are admittedly high.

That said, these are really disappointing.  I cooked them using my usual method -- boil in beer and then grill. They shrunk by at least 25% in the beer, some of them split, and then, post-grill, really didn't have much flavor. I bought two packages and immediately went back to Johnsonville -- so much better. They're bad enough that I go to a different grocery store just for brats (Wegmans doesn't carry Johnsonville).
Juicy, but Blah..I was disappointed
We got these, thinking we’d try them instead of the gold standard, Johnsonville. We treated them exactly as we’d treat other brands: simmer in beer with sliced onions, then crisp on the grill. These did not meet our expectations as they totally lacked flavor, and no seasoning was apparent. (The texture was good, though.) We won’t buy these again; instead we will make another stop at a different store to get a different brand.
these are a great alternative to the usual dogs & burgers on the grill. We followed Wegman's cooking directions & they turned out perfectly. Looking forward to having our own Oktoberfest with these Brats, sauerkraut, German potato salad & some hearty beer.
Enter Comment Body
Yuengling is always reliable. I like a good craft beer but sometimes the mood just calls for a Yuengling when you at a party or a bar. Simple and easy. Reliable like an older model honda civic.
In my opinion, Yuengling Light is the best light beer on the market. It's rich full bodied taste and amber color make me think I am drinking a non-light beer. Yuengling products are high quality and this is no different.
The overall pumpkin flavor was drowned out by the tang of hops.  I'm not a big fan of IPAs and this flavor note ruined my yearly pumpkin brews.
I am not a major beer fan, but this tastes awesome! If you like pumpkin, this is probably the best you are going to find in beer form. I wish this product would stay around year round!
Just a perfectly balanced haze IPA, so delicious!
Love this beer
This beer is outstanding. Too bad Wegmans doesn't actually carry it. They say they do on the website, but you can't find it at any store in the Western New York area.
Bitburger. #1 Beer
Wegmans Fountain Root Beer isn't as good as A&W, but it's still very refreshing and it has a nice bite from the carbonation.
just like the original
The best Canada has to offer . Thankfully available here
If you’re looking to try some new IPAs definitely try this variety pack.
This wouldn't be categorized as a "professional critique", but Yuengling is one of my favorites
An excellent example of the style and not overpriced.
Yum. I like their 120 minute but this gets the job done.
Great hoppy beer.  Very enjoyable when it gets cold outside.
My favorite diet soda and at a great price.
Good balanced flavor, very little diet taste.
Dosent get better than this.
Always look forward to this Sierra Nevada seasonal release. Great hoppy flavor during the holiday season.
My favorite beer. Never had a skunky or stale one. Super crisp and refreshing!
