CAN'T SAY ANYTHING ELSE BUT GREAT.
Enjoyed this through my pregnancy and didn't feel guilty eating chocolate.  Also a great boost in iron.
My son brought me a live lobster from your store (GENEVA) today...he included a bar of this chocolate for dessert. . I love the texture and the way the almonds are cut...it's like almond bark. Excellent product!!!!!
This is a great treat if you want to indulge without going broke. Keep in mind that it's just a $2 candy bar and you will love it. I would, however, like to have a few more almonds.
Pretty good chocolate bar. I like having it for my 3 o'clock pick me up at work.
These are so delicious! They are my go-to when I need a chocolate pick ke up! Regardless if you are vegan, you won't be dissapointed. Sometimes they are hard to find and not always in stock, probably a testimate to how good they are. Wegmans, please keep these amazing candy bars in stock!
These are my favorite GoMaxGo bars. My non-vegan husband tried it and LOVED it. The ricemilk chocolate is delicious, the nougat is fantastic. They are definitely a staple in our house when we need a little chocolate TLC! :) Wegmans, please stock ALL the GoMaxGo bars!!!
These are so good! And they don't bother my stomach or make me feel like I'm sorry I ate it.
I loved these! I'd recommend them to anyone.
Super good flavor
Dark chocolate with raspberry crunchies. I like it!
Outer packaging is the same, but gold foil on the inside is the clue that it is the new formula. Much sweeter and more raspberry. Nowhere near as good as the old formula.
If you like dark chocolate and raspberry, this is the indulgence for you. Chocolate is dark and smooth, ratio of berry to chocolate is perfect.
One of my favorites great snack. By on my lunch break
This candy bar is sooo yummy. It's very much on the sweet side, like one of those bars you'd grab off the shelf near the checkout. It tastes so much better though and doesn't have cholesterol or artificial ingredients. Not to mention how tasty it is!
I bought this chocolate today and it so delicious. It would make a great flavor for a gourmet coffee!
This is one of my favorite chocolate bars.  Great balance of flavor.  Not too sweet, not too bitter
we love this bar perfect combination to enjoy 1 square at a time or add as a mix in to favorite cookie brownies or frosting recipe
LOVE this flavor combo! Just wish it was sold year round!
sorry to not find this on the self this month.
I enjoyed it very much nice crunch from the peppermint and dark chocolate contrast.
Tastes just like the normal candy bar ice cream. Less calories and so yummy, I found myself wanting more!
You’ve been waiting for this all your life - A TOP QUALITY CHOCOLATE BAR W-I-T-H-O-U-T SUGAR!!!  \o/ \o/ \o/ Thank you Lily’s!
For keto diet chocolate, this tastes quite good with minimal carbs & little to no aftertaste.
I thought soy free chocolate didn't exist! I have an anaphylactic response to Soy which makes finding food I can eat next to impossible. Everything by Enjoy Life is soy free, even their chocolate!!
