It poured out of the can like water. Then I added the correct amount of water well, it should be called tomato broth. Just Awful!!
Couple spoons and dumped the reat
I like this soup better than Campbell’s not only because it tastes just as good and is less expensive, but also because the ingredients list doesn’t mention high fructose corn syrup. Bravo, Wegmans!
My Fiancé and I who barely ever get heartburn were suffering after eating this!! The taste was a little off, that we could deal with, but not the pain! Back to Campbell's.
I can not tell you how excited I am to see the fyfga label on this soup! Finally!
Better than Campbell's with an easy open lid. Quality and value all in a neat little can.
One of my favorite comfort foods, especially with a grilled cheese sandwich.
Worth trying, Far better than yoU know who
I love this soup! I am so glad this soup does not have MSG like the name brand.
Not a lot of flavor to this soup. Very tiny pieces of chicken and the noodles are mushy.
This soup is incredibly delicious. Nothing overly fancy. Just your simple chicken noodle.  My two year old begs for this on the daily and I lick the bowl clean while he slurps down his portion.  Preferred recipe, hands down, over any other brand.  Also, my cats like it too. None of us have a problem with the salt.
This soup was a pleasant surprise! If you are under the weather and don't have someone to make you soup...let wegmans come to the rescue. My kids love it too!
My cat and I love this soup. She gets most of the chicken (there's lots) and I get everything else. The little rubberized chicken cubes that come only in canned soup are her very favorite of all foods. We like to eat it right from the can, unheated and undiluted, which we can do because there are no weird globs of chicken fat in it (that's a plus for me only, and she eats normal cat food—this is a treat we share only a few times a year).

This is nowhere near the saltiest food I've ever tasted, but if you're afraid of salt like another reviewer you might prefer one of the reduced-sodium versions instead of this. Wegmans and Campbell's both have reduced-sodium chicken noodle soups that are good too. With his salt phobia, I'm a little surprised he didn't choose one of them to begin with.
Normally I'm a big fan of Wegmans' products however this is probably the saltiest soup I've ever had and possibly the saltiest food I've ever had. The can states there's 2.5 servings, however that may be true only if you're food portions are the same size as those of a mouse. If you were to have this entire can of soup you would have had 2350 mg of sodium, AKA pretty much your daily value of sodium. Please do yourself a favor and steer away from this soup.
This is one of the best low sodium soups out there. If you are in a hurry, quicker then making soup yourself.
Great consistency and good for cooking. We always buy this over the Campbell’s brand now.
This soup is very good. We only use it once a month and on holidays, but prefer it over name brands. Also the fact that there is no msg compared to major brands is a plus!
I have about 12 in my pantry at all times. The price is perfect and flavor is deep and hearty. Great consistency. but Wegmans I beg of you...make a cream of chicken!!
The pull tab came right off of the can of soup. Tried to use a can opener and it’s not successfully working due to the area around the pull top. That results in jagged edges and the top of the can not completely taken off, but instead held on by 2 pieces of sharp metal. Love the soup but faulty components of the product
super easy to make and deeeeelicious. great soup for such an affordable price!
Why buy Campbell when Wegman's brand tastes better.........at a better price...........
We love it! Reminds us of Europe
Definitely different from when I was a kid...the smoke flavor ruins a classic for me.
Yuk
the past couple of times my mother and I have gone grocery shopping, there seems to be no Broccoli Cheese soup available. I find this really frustrating. please stock more, thank you.
Good taste but they have lessened the amount of noodles.
I don’t go out of my way to avoid salt, yet this soup is way too salty.  I would pay more for less salt and more chicken.
Avoid Contains MSG.
I don't really like condense soups but this was SO GOOD! I love it.
good basic, hard to find these days, a bit healthier than the reg soup
I was ordered to cut down on fat and salt in my diet. I love chicken noodle, and this is the only one that tastes good to me and meets my doctor’s approval post op.
Since this product was on sale for $0.99, I decided to give it a try as my daughter complains that original Campbell’s Chicken Noodle soup does not taste the same. I was hoping this would have been the recipe of the chicken soup I enjoyed as a kid. After one spoonful my daughter said Campbell products are banned from our house, with the except of their pork and beans.
After reading all the reviews, I bought this for a seafood feast as opposed to the Wegman's brand. So glad I did! Add cream, butter, and then in my case some shrimp, fresh chives, sweet corn, and a tab of truffle finishing bitter. Delish!
I recently purchased Bar Harbor New England Clam Chowder. It's label says it all! No improvement in flavor required! Outstanding purchase!
Not long ago, I was searching Wegmans for New England clam chowder. I checked the commercially produced soups for Campbell's, but only found the uncondensed version. I prefer condensed.

I decided to check the Nature's Marketplace soup section. Lo and Behold! I found the Bar Harbor New England clam chowder.

I am a label reader, and I am also the family genealogist. My maternal grandmother comes from a very small town in Maine, called Whiting. Wouldn't you know - Bar Harbor clam chowder is produced in WHITING, MAINE!

I thought, okay, here's your clue! I bought it, I ate it, I LOVE IT!

The Bar Harbor clam chowder does have a fishier aroma, than Campbell's, right out of the can. That's because there are more and larger clams in the Bar Harbor brand.

My only problem with the product is that it does not stay long on the Wegmans shelves! My guess is that others have discovered Bar Harbor New England clam chowder, too!
I been looking for soups with no sugar and found this I cannot wait until I can try this
This tastes like-pieces of wax!! Grotesque. I hope they pull this from the shelves and replace it with Wolfgang Puck’s lobster bisque that tastes like  real lobster.
