I love this!!  It’s my go-to dinner when I don’t want to cook.  BTW the package says to cook in conventional oven at 350 for 50 minutes. I actually cook for 1&1/2 hours. It has a nice brown crust top and bottom.  All it needs then is a bit of pepper and a bit of ketchup. YUMMY!
This was good but the Stouffer's White Cheddar Mac
A quick and easy Mac and cheese, almost as good as my homemade.
When made in the microwave, it's a little thin and has a bit of a taste of plastic. That's why I gave it a 4. It does taste better than the box stuff that you add water to and microwave. But I cook it in a convection oven and it taste much better. The only preservative in it is salt.
The best frozen mac n cheese :)
Not as flavorful as I had hoped
Price is reasonable and easy to prepare. I would usually add in a tbsp or two for a little extra flavor or a mini kick and it turns out great—better if you pair it up with some chicken, shrimp, or steak!
I've come to the final realization that if you want Chinese food, the only place you can get it is at a Chinese restaurant.  This fried rice doesn't have the 'crispness' of take-out or the flavor, but in a pinch, it's good. I added some cooked shrimp and snow peas and soy sauce and it made a meal.
I guess for frozen prepared food, this was not bad. For the price, I would rather order fried rice from a restaurant.  The eggs were spongy and the rice itself did not have much flavor (even after adding extra soy sauce). Also, make sure to eat it all in one sitting. It does not reheat well.
We had the rice as a side dish and it was really good. Very easy to heat up, can be a side dish with chicken, fish pork etc.
Great product.  I don't often purchase prepared foods.  This is an exception! Perfect flavor, quick to.prep.
not that good trader joes tastes alot better
Great price to feed a family (added broccoli and garlic bread sticks) on a night we didn’t feel like cooking! The meat to cheese to sauce ratio was great!! Try and Enjoy!!
It’s sort of bland and (one-dimensionally) salty at the same time. Meat lovers will be disappointed, too. All the meat that’s in there is completely dissolved into the sauce. (We wanted to get the eggplant lasagna, but a kid vetoed that and insisted on meat. She didn’t like that, either.)All in all, a rare miss for Wegmans and its wonderful Italian Classics line.
Best frozen meal I’ve ever had.  The lasagna taste homemade.
Salty
Better than stouffers and cheaper
I had to give it a try.......It's not anywhere close to homemade......two stars was pushing it.....pays to make your own......I love Wegman's.....this just didn't push any of my button's.......
I usually make my own lasagna, but there are days I don’t  have the time or inclination, and those are the days I would make this.   My husband and son loved this, and it surpasses any other frozen lasagna I have bought over the years.  They loved the taste and said it was as good as something you would buy at a family type restaurant.  It was packed with meat and cheese, and it baked up nicely, and it smelled really good.  I don’t like serving frozen entrees in general, but this one will be an exception.  Wegmans has hit another home run.   The price was vey easy on the budget too.   This one has earned a place in my freezer.
Nobody in my house ate this. It’s just not good. Wegmans makes TONS of great stuff, this isn’t one of them
The cooking directions for a conventional oven says bake at 575 degrees. This is a misprint, the temperature should be 375 degrees!
Possibly the best frozen lasagna I've every had. Not quite up to my own, but very good.
I was so excited reading all the good reviews and now I feel like a snob saying this but this lasagna does not taste homemade. It tastes like a frozen meal that you reheat in the oven on a busy night (even though it takes 2hrs). I was excited to try it, I love Wegmans brand and this lasagna is good, but definitely not great.
Yet another Wegmans product to love. This lasagna is as good as my delicious homemade recipe without all the work. We don't have an oven in our RV, so cooked it in the microwave for a little less than the pkg directions recommended. It was delicious - sauce tasted just like our favorite Wegmans "Grandpa's Sauce" which is slightly spicy. Pkg said that it is 5 servings - WRONG - it is really 4 servings, maybe 3 if hearty eaters. Highly recommend this product for an easy, hearty dinner.
I love lasagna but it's a pain to make sometimes, so, since I have never been disappointed by a Wegmans product, figured I would give this a try.
Super easy to make, 12 minutes in the microwave, 25 minutes in the oven, came out awesome! Super meaty and cheesy, plus ultra affordable. Less than $7.00!
Picked up a ceaser salad in a bag, and a fresh hot French baguette loaf.
Dinner for 4 less than $15:00 and it was delicious!
Tastes like homemade.
I was very impressed by this lasagna. Unlike a certain brand name frozen lasagna that shall remain nameless, this actually tastes like lasagna. The texture is dense, not soupy. You can actually see and taste the layers of cheese. The sauce is mildly spicy and the meat is recognizable as meat. My only complaint is that it isn't available in a larger size.
I am continually impressed by Wegman's products. This is the best frozen lasagna you will find. It really tastes very close to homemade. The sauce is great!
The total fat calories of this product is incorrect, the correct total fat calories is 144 and since its less than the listed 150, why wouldn't they print the 144? weird! I also do not recommend this product because it does not comply with the AMDR for fat and/or saturated fat which is one of the reasons we can't burn that excess fat because we're eating too much of it!!! At least it tastes good!
Wegmans and Trader Joe's frozen Mac & Cheese might be the best around. Extremely cheesy, flavorful, and comforting.
I don’t know who is rating this mac & cheese less than 5 stars or what kind of gourmet kitchen they grew up in, but this mac & cheese is fantastic! I buy very little in the frozen meals category but this tastes like homemade. It’s creamy and delicious but not too think; perfect pasta to cheese ratio and consistency . I just finished eating one and I want more. This mac & cheese raises the bar on what a frozen meal can be.
I dont even like wegmans ready to eat mac but this frozen stuff is the best, better than stouffers
Absolutely delicious! Creamy cheese sauce and real shredded cheese on top. I did stir halfway through cooking to ensure all noodles were covered with the cheese sauce. My little guys and husband were all fans too. Tastes just like homemade!
This mac & cheese is all I want to eat anymore
I make my daughter homemade Mac n cheese and now she won't eat boxed or most frozen. I got this because I had a coupon and I really enjoyed it (I don't even like my own homemade)!! She really likes it too! I do the nuke/bake method so it's done in 45 minutes, add some chicken for my hubby to make it a meal and voila... Easy peasy!!
I literally never review things but when I saw a bad review for this frozen Mac I got personally offended!! This right here is the best frozen Mac n Cheez on the market, just as good if not better than the frozen mac from Trader Joe's (my previous favorite).
It was sticky and dry with little flavor. Stouffers is far, far better.
It was great.  Even my son like it and he squawked when he saw it.  Creamy, delicious.  Overall great!
Not too many choices for vegetable lasagna.
This is a very good vegetable lasagna. We love it. It’ll be a freezer staple now that we’ve discovered it.
Wegmans, can you share your recipe?!?!?!
The best veggie lasagna I’ve ever had!
Best vegetable lasagne ever. Such a convenience to have this is the freezer. Please don't ever stop making it.
even as leftovers it was still amazing
Delicious and maintains its consistency like a fresh lasagna.
I've been eating Stouffer's veggie lasagna for  about a year but I would prefer to buy a Wegman's product.  I was disappointed, however.  Not enough vegetables, too much garlic, too much salt.  I ate it but I didn't enjoy it.
I enjoyed the first serving of this dish. However, there was a whole section that had no vegetables, cheese or anything. I did not understand why Wegmans would not layer the entire lasagna evenly. It was very disappointing and the reason I will not buy the product again. A whole section was nothing but the pasta stuck together. SMH
The lasagna was very tasty however I couldn't find many vegetables.  The lasagna noodles were thicker than I am used to.  I'm kind of neutral on recommending it which is why I gave it only 3 stars.  If there had been more veggies, it would have gotten 5.
Disappointing! I tried it a few months ago, but this is no better. Tastes very salty. Lasagna bakes unevenly in MW, some edges are tough, inedible.
I saw this in the frozen section and was excited because I LOVE vegetable lasagna. The price was great and I figured this was a quick "go to" when I didn't want to cook. I buy Wegmans products all the time because of their quality but I couldn't have been more disappointed with this one. The only vegetable I tasted was broccoli and it was overpowering and mushy. I rarely throw leftovers out (and there was a lot of this one) but this was not worth keeping.  I don't know if something has changed since the previous reviews (which seem to be from years ago) but this is not something I would ever buy again.
A friend introduced me to Wegmans Veggie Lasagna after I'd had a new baby. My toddlers love it so it's a great way to get veggies in them. It's super creamy, easy to prepare (and clean up!) and a perfect "keep it in the freezer for busy days" meal!
Wegmans has done it again!...Honestly...Ive made lasagna all my life and i have also tasted different boxed lasagna such as stouffers, and other Grocery store brands...but I have to say Wegmans Vegetable lasagna is the creamiest crunchiest topped lasagna...and its loaded...or should I say stuffed... with vegetables...The best Lasagna i have ever tasted!!!...I thought I found a secret when I bought this delicious Lasagna...but I was wrong!...when I went back to buy another 2, The shelf was completely empty...I went to 3 different Wegmans in a week and I have to travel far to get to them but happen to be in those areas at the time. for my job...and can you believe none of them had any on the freezer shelves!...People love it!...I finally got to Wegmans the next time early in the morning and low and behold they had them...so I bought 4 for my freezer...LOL!...Wegmans is truly the best store in the world...All of the food is fantastic!..I actually enjoy food shopping and look forward to it!...Love you Wegmans...NOW JUST PUT A STORE IN MY AREA...TOMS RIVER, NJ...PRETTY PLEASE?...ACTUALLY IM BEGGING YOU!...LOL! :)
This vegetable lasagna is da' bomb. Better than Stouffer's vegetable lasagna. Very cheesy with a greaty parmesan flavor to the cream sauce.
This meal was wonderful! Very full of flavor! 2 thumbs up!!
This is a comfort food without the meat involved. I'm placing it on my shopping list that seems to be growing with other great items that only can be purchased at Wegman's. This vegetable lasagna is one of my favorites.
My favorite quick and easy meal. The sauce is so good and the kids love it as much as I do!
Good flavor and texture, easy and quick to cook. It would be better if slightly less salty and  more noodles.
This tastes nothing like lo mein.  It’s way too salty and tastes too strongly of vinegar.  I won’t buy again.
I love this lo mein. So does my family. We add chicken to it sometimes.
This tasted nothing like Lo Mein. Will never buy again.
We love wegmans lomein off the hot bar e.t.c we also love many of wegmans frozen products.  This was horrible.  We gave it a few tries and its just terrible.  Flavor is just horrific and the texture is so off.
Just bad.
I actually liked this.  I followed the stovetop directions and the noodles were a good consistency.  I may add a package of a frozen veggies blend next time.
Horrible taste...would not buy again or take even if it was a freebie. Couldn’t even eat it had to throw it out and went out for take out. Also the portion is so small it’s maybe enough for 1 person
I am in love with this. I crave it often. I don't know why there aren't more 5 star reviews.
It has a very strong mushroom flavor.
The flavor was fine but vegetables were no existent. I assume the pecks of green in here are bok choy but I would need a microscope to tell. Over all pretty disappointing.
Flat noodles, soggy mess. Nothing, not a single item or flavor resembles Lo Mein. Since I purchase store prepared Lo Mein every type I shop at Wegmans, I thought this would resemble what I buy in the ready to eat part of the store. Not even close. I wish I had checked the reviews first since I bought 3 packages in my eagerness and now I am stuck with 2 unedible packages! Horrendous! How dare you call this Lo Mein!!!
Horrible taste and extremely small portion. Claims it’s for 3.5 people. It looks like enough for 2 At the very most.
It’s edible but not that good. The size is small so one person can eat it in one sitting. It claims it makes 3.5 cups, but really there is only about 1-1.5 cups of noodles.it is also very salty.  Unless it is on sale and I have a coupon, I will not get again
This item is very small only enough to feed two people if you add meat. Also noticed a piece of plastic in our food! Will never buy again
I added cooked stir fry chicken to this to make it a meal. Sauce was a bit watery. Veggies were quite small bits. Did not taste similar to Wegmans Hot Bar Lo Mein. Probably will buy again.
This dish was easy and delicious. Cooks stove top in a few minutes. It isnt true lo mein noodles. However, it has a good variety and ratio of vegetables to noodles and the sauce is delicious.
I was looking for frozen egg noodles, but couldn't find any, so I tried these.  My soup was delicious and these noodle worked well, held up
Every so often I make a chicken stir fry for dinner. Using packages of frozen veggies, Wegmans Stir-fry chicken strips, and then these LoMein noodles -- easy dinner. My only complaint is that the package holds 3 portions... which is pretty inconvenient when you are feeding only 2 people. I wind up having to buy another package for future use.
These noodles are great for lo mein or regular stir fry. They have a good texture and flavor and they hold up well in sauces and high heat.
It’s not really like a Chinese restaurant flavor but it was definitely good.
Pretty good! Will buy again.
These work really well as alkaline noodles for ramen
Used this noodle product last night as an addition to our chicken/vegetable stiry-fry. Found them easy to make and a nice change from white rice. We're not really Chinese food afficianados, so not that fussy about how authentic they are vis-a-vis Lo Mein noodles from a Chinese restaurant. Will purchase this product again.
Definitely not even close to lo mein noodles. It's like spaghetti noodles.
After cooking, the noodles seemed to retain a weird flavor from the plastic packaging.
We bought this to go along with the vegetable Lo Mein recipe that came out in the recent copy of Menu. They tasted like spaghetti noodles and the texture was completely wrong. Will not purchase again.
Very good. Taste just like the hot bar.
This is so good I feel like I shouldn't buy it again (but I will). It's a little cheesier than Stouffer's & I love cheese so this is just amazing. It also even tastes good leftover, which is incredibly rare for mac & cheese.
Long oven cooking time. Very creamy, no flavor though!
Stouffer's is the gold standard for frozen macaroni and cheese--for ANY macaroni and cheese, including homemade. I can't imagine what a macaroni and cheese better than Stouffer's would be like.

I tried this because it was on sale and Wegmans offered a great coupon. It's not bad, but the taste is better than the texture. The sauce is creamy white, so at first I thought it was the kind of m&c that's made with a white sauce and only topped with cheese, but this IS a cheese sauce, made evidently with white cheese. But unlike Stouffer's, this is made primarily not with cheddar cheese but with processed American cheese, which gives it a gummy texture that I don't like.

Without the coupon and at non-sale price this costs more than the same-size package of Stouffer's, so I'll never buy it again.
Easily microwaveable. Tastes just like the hot bar version. Definitely buying again.
Used the microwave/oven method and it turned out awesome! Just like off the hot bar!
For all of us, but especially myself, these are the perfect size and they taste Ssooo Very good. I won't buy any other Mac N Cheese anymore. My 4 yr old granddaughter likes
Great as is, wonderful topped with bacon or browned panko crumbs
No complaints here! I love mac n cheese and I feel far less guilty when I eat this one!
The chicken has that gross, fake, and chewy taste to it, everything else was soggy and the sauce was bland. Just spend the extra money on getting real Chinese than this stuff
It was awful. Soggy, slimy, sweet but bland like all spices are missing. My Mom thought so too.
It's not the best value but it's a decent quick and easy meal.
Mushy glop with broken broccoli bits, hint of soggy chicken and slimy noodles. Shocked that Wegman's would put their name on it.
It is not as good as take out, but was appreciated by the crew and they are usually fussy.
Just bad
Very small to no chicken pieces, serving size too small, overall not what I expected since most of Wegmans frozen meals are a great value for the price.
The "chicken" was mostly gooey bread.  The flavor was sickeningly sweet.  Will not buy again.
Chicken quality was awful. Barely any meat, mostly just breaded / oily air pockets.
The portion size was super small but the taste wasn’t bad. I liked the lo mien and broccoli but the chicken was pretty low quality.
Most or Marie's frozen meals are average or better. Not pot pies. Lots of crust/carbs/calories but the inside is lacking. I would not buy again.
This is our favorite chicken pot pie and we've tried them all. They sell them in a multipack so you can save money.
The best frozen meat pot pie in the store. I buy frozen microwave-in-bag peas & carrots, and then dump the pie out of its pan with the veggies together onto my dinner plate. Childhood flashback LOL
Very good
This was delicious!
Always have several in our freezer- easy dinner for active people.
This lasagna in a box that I've found that tastes close to homemade.
Next time I would take out chicken and air fry or toaster oven first. It has no taste, texture otherwise. Then add to cooked noodles, veggies and sauce. Eating out is no longer an option.
Sauce is horrible, though spicy, not General Tso’s. The chicken was rubbery with soggy breading. The pasta gummy. Such a disgusting product overall.
Soggy flavorless and overpriced. Disappointing Wegmans product
The flavor was pretty good, but there were only 5 pieces of chicken when the package says there are 4 servings! Kind of ridiculous.
I thought the sauce was great and went very well with the chicken and noodles. However, it says 4 servings per package. I counted 11 bite size or smaller pieces of chicken. There was enough lo mein to cover 1/4 of my plate and 1/4 of my husbands. Definitely not enough for a family of 4! Very disappointed with that.
I don't know how this got a good rating, my family thought it was horrible.  The chicken had a funny processed type flavor and the texture was terrible.  The sauce was bland..
The sauce is delicious. I love it with the noodles and veggies. However I took off one star because there is definitely room for improvement with the chicken.. has a very strange taste.
I'm surprised by the overall rating, tbh. I got this because I needed something to eat that was quick, and chose this. I liked the taste, how easy I could put it together, and that it was filling.
All the chicken... all 10 pieces that is were more coating than chicken. The vegetables were mush. The sauce was “weird” like no Gen Tso sauce I ever had.
We were impressed in the fact the ingredients weren’t overly processed. The nutrition facts compared to other frozen meals were a lot better. The chicken was a bit soggy though. Would recommend air frying the chicken to crisp up.
Chicken was very chewy and had a bad flavor to it.  I had to throw this out and couldn’t finish it.  The broccoli was okay.
About half of the chicken pieces were too chewy and the sauce was a tad too sweet.
Normally I get Stouffers, which is always great, but this time Wegmans was out so I decided to try this - especially with Wegmans brand being so good normally.  Sadly that couldn't be further from the case, this stuff had nearly zero flavor, poor consistency and extremely little meat.  I would suggest to Wegmans that they go back to the drawing board on this stuff, this is definitely a miss.  Avoid at all costs.
We buy this often. 2 of them are perfect for this retired couple - no left-overs to deal with like there is when we buy the large one. Lasagna noodles are a bit tough, but I like them that way. Wegman's tomoato sauce and the meat are just pefect. Best frozen lasagna we've had and so much easier than making it from scratch!
does not taste good meat dissolve in sauce trader joes taste alot better
Horrible smell and taste. I am not a fan of frozen food but thought we would try this.
This lasagna turned out great for store-bought lasagna! You can’t poke too many holes in the plastic or else the lasagna will explode in the microwave. Great texture and a great quick lunch/dinner!
I’ve tried a lot of different frozen lasagna, and this one is possibly the best I’ve had. I microwaved it, expecting it to come out soggy, but it cooked up surprisingly close to “real “ lasagna that you’d cook in the oven. The sauce is a bit salty, and the sodium level is up there, so I don’t plan to make this a habit. But it’s a great product to have on hand for when you get a sudden craving for lasagna.
Just had this for lunch a few minutes ago and it's delicious!  Needed something quick since I didn't have time to run out and no leftovers from home.  This is a great "go-to" lunch!
If you cook based on the directions you could end just short of drying the whole dish out. The flavor is fair, not incredible. This thing barely has any sauce. It’s a bit boring, but passable if you need a weeknight dinner.
It's the best frozen lasagna I've ever had. Bought this on a whim since I had a coupon. Was very pleasantly surprised at how good it is. Really liked the noodle sheets and that they weren't skimpy on the ricotta. The only thing I did was add freshly grated Romano cheese on top before baking. Still can't believe how good this is. Enjoyable. Now I have a go to when I don't have time to make it myself.
Taste homemade. So delicious.
Delicious
I was hosting a casual dinner party and didn't have time to prepare homemade.  With a bit of trimming, I transferred two of these into a single 9x13 stoneware casserole dish and topped with an additional cup or so of shredded mozzarella.  It came out of the oven looking and tasting as good as what I would have made from scratch and was an absolute crowd-pleaser.
Soo good!! Lots of ricotta cheese inside and so easy to make! Will buy this again!
Cheesy and tasty
This is such a great snack!! If your busy and don't have time to make a meal this is a quick alternative and it's really really delicious!!
Good quality chicken for a frozen meal (haven’t encountered any “gross” prices.) All broccoli florets. Cooks up well and the sauce is just enough to give it some flavor. Can’t do better for a microwaveable lunch under 200 calories.
Stouffer's Salisbury Steak with Mac N Cheese is a quick easy meal that comes in handy on those nights that you just don't feel like taking the time to cook.
Compared to  the other  brands  frozen choices, this is a good offering.   Easy to tune up with  a pat of butter and a dash of A1 or Worcetshire  Sauce.I like it for a quick meal that is portioned to allow  room for side dishes.If possible, definitely oven bake rather than microwave. Flavor is signifigantly better.
It's been years since I had this meal. Nothing at all what I remembered. All I can say is Yuck, Yuck, Yuck!!!
My wife takes a microwave lunch most days and this is her favorite "comfort" lunch treat - the apples is what makes it so special.
Flavor is good and it's easy to make. Only recommendation is to add just a little extra chicken and broccoli and then it gets 5 stars from me.
The meal was easy to prepare and tasty, but I found it too salty for my taste.
It was good.  I didn't get alot of chicken and i wish it had more broccoli
Nice option when you don’t feel like making dinner. The chicken is inedible, but the pasta, broccoli, and sauce taste good
Having a toddler, dinner isn’t easy to get on the table sometimes. This was so easy to pop in the oven and tastes like a restaurant meal. Rounded out with salad and Wegmans Garlic and cheese bread. I would like to try tweaking as the other reviews suggest next time!
I️ was pleasantly surprised! Great tasting sauce and the chicken was not rubbery like I️ had expected. I️ will definitely be buying again!!
This meal is very good as is. But I like to tweak sometimes. I add a bag of broccoli and a hand full of shrimp.  Sometimes i;ll do chicken or turkey sausage. And top it off with fresh parmesan cheese. There,s plenty of sauce great taste and i get to extend this meal .
this product is very tasty except for the chicken i had fat & a couple of pc of grizel & the taste was bla. the sause was great
I bought this and think the breasts were not real chicken breasts.  I then tried ready to cook chicken filets and made our own chicken parmigiana and was much better.  May want to buy filets and make it yourself.
This is edible food in a box!
I tried the chicken Parmesan for the first time last week.  My husband and I fell in love.  It will be a staple in our home.
Fantastic! Very convenient and tasty!
Seriously these flavors are incredible. Wegmans did an awesome job to perfect the texture after being frozen ravioli. I would eat this for breakfast lunch and dinner if given the opportunity
This is a good product. It tastes good and is easy to prepare. But seriously, this was not even 2 servings, and my 6'2" athletic husband could have inhaled the entire bag as an appetizer. Come on, give us enough to actually *feed* 2 people.
The ravioli was tasty enough, and I'll probably get it again, however, the package says three servings, and I don't consider three ravioli (unless they are much larger than these0 to be a serving.
I thorough enjoyed these! They were very easy to heat up and were delicious. I just wish it came in a larger bag. I was able to eat this all in one sitting! It was 12 raviolis. I wish they had more filling inside but they are great and excellent price!
Perfect for our two-person household. Rich flavor, very easy to make - especially good for busy nights or those times when we're too tired to cook. Good enough to serve as a side dish for company.
Loved it and I’m picky. Great flavor and fast to serve. Wish it came in a bigger bag.
I love these Italian Classic frozen meals.  They are easy to cook and this new flavor is delicious.  I'll definitely buy again.
Our family loves this chicken pot pie. The crust is so flaky and adds just the right amount of crunch and carb.
I was really looking forward to this pot pie. I have tried a few of Wegmans frozen foods, and was pleased. This on the other hand is boring, and flavorless. I will not buy again.
This was not any different than the popular brands. The top crust was flaky and held together. The other ingredients were a bit of a mishmash with everything running together. There seem to be an adequate amount of chicken but it was all in little bitsy pieces. The flavor was OK but not noteworthy. I am not likely to re-purchase.
I found the pot pie to be very soupy with a weird top crust thrown on top. The chicken was tender, but it was all rather tasteless.
Very disappointed in this "pot pie".  Only a top crust  which was thin and not at all tasty or "flaky" as described.  Mostly gravy/sauce with a small amount of tiny cut veggies.  Not much chicken.  Sauce was kind of runny and only seasoning we could taste seemed like black pepper which was strong.  At least it wasn't salty, but won't be buying it again.
Delicious!!
Nice balance of veggies, chicken and gravy. Fantastic flavor
Overall, extremely bland and too dry. Crust, more like cardboard.
I received a free coupon for this product and was excited to try.  The picture on the box, looks amazing.   However that is not what I found inside.  Crust was broken into pieces.   There was very little chicken.   Carrots were small slivers and peas were tiny.  Flaky pastry crust was not flaky.   This was mostly gravy and crust.   I gave it 2 stars instead of 1, because it had good flavor.   Not to salty.
some veggies in gravy,  not worth your money
I sill start by saying it was just in a box and my pastry crust was shattered inside.  I pieces together the best I could. When baked the flat pastry does not fluff up. When heated, and went to eat, was all carrots and peas w little chicken. The "filling" veggies and all maybe ..might have been a cup total.  The smell and the taste was not too bad but again was barely enough to enjoy. I'm happy I had a free coupon but next time I'd I have even a free coupon I would not use. Not worth the utility use of an oven and hour plus od my time to cook
The gravy was a little thin and could have been more rich and flavorful.  Good amount of ingredients.  Not salty.
Reading the reviews I figured I had a 50/50 shot of this pot pie being good. I was happy that I found it to be pretty tasty! I do wish it came in individual serving size though as opposed to two people. I shared it with my husband but we like pouring an individual one over mashed potatoes.
Even free was too much for this pie. Three pieces of chicken were pure gristle. The crust had little flavor and the gravy was runny soup. Stick with Marie Calender’s at a fraction of the price.
I don’t think I’ve ever written a bad review about a Wegmans brand product before but I agree with some of the other reviews that this is very bland, and a little too watery. I had a free coupon to try it and I’m glad I didn’t pay for it. I would not get it again.
Very good pot pie.  The crust isn't overdone and it has a nice balance of  chicken, vegetables and light gravy. We were very pleased with the flavors and tenderness of the chicken.  Would definitely buy again and we're looking forward to trying the other pies.
This was a delicious pot pie. Not too salty, well seasoned. Will definitely get it again.
I found it too bland. The gravy was also watery. The hour long bake time meant I had to plan ahead on when to have it for dinner.
Surprisingly bad for a Wegmans brand product! More peas than anything else and very strong onion aftertaste.
This is mostly peas and some carrots. The crust is decent but is only the top. Not much to the pot pie as it is shallow. The flavor is somewhat bland and is probably not worth even the sale price in my opinion.
Finally a pot pie I can eat. It tastes different than others but not bad. Probably because it’s better. Very good. Good flavor. Eventually it would be nice in other sizes. And possibly other flavors. Definitely delicious
Will definitely buy again!
1 enchilada is a serving, so good for two lunches with brown rice.
I don't like Mac & Cheese and usually add something like stewed tomatoes.  This was really good all by itself.
Good noodles but a little too expensive for only 3 packs
This udon noodle is the closest to authentic Japanese udon I've ever seen in the states.
This frozen udon taste like the real udon you can get in Japan.
It contains simple ingredients is a plus!
These are the best udon you can find outside of an asian grocery store, and even the smaller asian markets often have a disappointing selection of fresh noodles. They are more expensive than the udon "soup packs" you can find elsewhere, but the quality is far better. Each package (the bag has 3) is about one serving, and they heat up beautifully in boiling water without getting mushy, although you should still be wary not to leave them in too long. The noodles are slick and slurpable while still being a little chewy on the inside. You can't compare the boxes of dry udon in the asian aisle to these.
They were even better than I expected for a frozen noodle. The texture and bite were absolutely perfect.
A little pricy but the noodles retain an excellent texture when cooked and are very tasty.
This is my all time favorite Healthy Choice meal! It has just the right amount of flavor.
For the price you might not expect much. But if you try these pot pies you will be pleasantly pleased I think. The crust is absolutely the best of all the other more expensive products. I love this crust's taste. The other products crust is mostly tasteless and they never had enough gravy. I have only thing to complaint about with the Banquet pot pie. I really don't like the meat in them at all. But then I am not a big fan of meat of any kind so it could just be me. But even with the bad meat it's the best brand.
It is not about the price, but the quality of this product.I have tried other pot pies and they did not meet the challenge of this product. This product headed out the gate way out in front as far as the quality, texture and the taste.
I have not found and other pot pies that would meet this challenge and beat this product.

Not only that but with this product you can do lots more with this as far as recipes.
Try it!
I agree with the previous reviewer...spicy, bright veggies...super dinner for a busy night. Can't believe that it's a frozen dinner.
This was absolutely delicious. I can barely tell it came frozen in a bag. It tastes homemade and was a hit! Amazing for busy weeknights.
Of all the frozen meals
Taste was ok
The reviews are pretty awesome, so I figured I’d try it. WOW. The reviews here are not wrong. So good. It’s now a grocery staple and I never buy tofu. Super simple to use. Tastes great. 
I agree it’s probably not the healthiest nor cheapest tofu around but it’s so good, I’m okay with ignoring those facts.
I'm new to the veggie lifestyle and I DON'T like tofu but and this is a serious but...but I LOVE this stuff! I'm craving too. It's firm and delicious and I eat it straight from the package, especially when I need something quick and I can't think of or don't feel like making anything elaborate. 
Try it you will not be disappointed!
This tofu is amazing. It’s always delicious. That being said it’s deveptive. The texture of wegmans “baked” tofu always seemed too good to be true and now I know why. Compare the nutrition to normal tofu and you will see. It’s got to be fried prior to freezing to get that much fat, let alone saturated fat. So tasty? Yes. Full of protein? Awesome. But don’t fool yourself that it’s healthy.
I just started trying tofu and this is the only one I like. The texture is great and it is already prepared so there is no draining or pressing required. It's very easy to use and seems like you can't mess it up. Good for people new to tofu
I don't know what magical sprite sorcery they did to make this tofu this good, maybe they added unicorn tears in the coagulant...i dunno....but i do know it's well worth the price. and i'm frugal (*ahem* cheap) so that saying something.

usually i get my tofu from Costco or Asian market because it pretty all taste the same and i'm not trying to pay $3 for a block of tofu when i can get a bucket of it elsewhere. HOWEVER with that said. THIS TOFU IS LIKE VEGGIE MEAT.

what i mean is, i can almost eat this straight. and i'm not that person who can usually do that with tofu - you know, the type that says "oh hey, lightly boil mine and sprinkle some sesame sauce on it!" no....that's not me....so for me to say, i could eat this straight without adding seasoning is saying something.

the texture is unbelievable and the taste is amazing. i don't even look at this like "Tofu" i look at it as some other type of veggie meat. like other reviewers said, i couldn't replicate it with other cheaper tofu so i have to buy it. because no matter how i cook it, it comes out great. it's unruinable!

if you want to taste it, this is the tofu that they use to make their tofu dishes on the hot bar. if you're a cook like me who loves tofu and want others to see how good tofu can be then you'll have to use their magical elfish tofu.

BTW...as you cook it, it puffs up then withers down into this nice chewy texture.

QUICK RECIPE. get this magic tofu, a large jar of pesto (i got mine from costco). cut it into cubes and cook with the pesto then serve over wegmans instant brown rice (its really cheap and cooks in no time). this will taste like a super expensive dish and it'll be less than $10...great for vegetarian potlucks
This is absolutely my favorite tofu and I eat a lot of tofu! No matter how hard I try to duplicate this product by, pressing and freezing refrigerated tofu I can't come close. My favorite way to prepare this is a simple dry fry, lightly seasoned. The tast and texture are just excellent. Definitely worth a try.
This is the best tofu I've ever used for home preparation, hands down! No draining, no pressing needed. All of the work is done for you. Saves a great deal of time for meal preparation. Defrosts very quick using the microwave & it's ready to use right away. Great mouthfeel, excellent for grilling & marinating. Probably my very favorite Wegmans product if I had to choose just one.
I was pleased to come across this product while walking the frozen aisle. This tofu is similar to the product used in the prepared foods section. It is a lot firmer than tofu found in the refrigerated section, higher in protein, and tastes so much better! So glad this is available!
Nice easy meal, had some bread along with it for a quick delicious dinner!
Just horrible better then the lasagna but not by much.
Good, fast quick lunch that’s not terrible in calories
Only a single tiny (1-1/2"x2") piece of chicken in entire meal and teeny teeny pieces of green broccoli florettes that you can barely see, swimming in a thick white garlicky cream sauce that is just overloaded with salt!  Not worth the price of the product.
Don't buy it!!
Goodness in seven minutes.
Always makes a delicious breakfast
Always great over toast... cooks in 7 minutes!
Quick to make and delicious! Didn’t find it too spicy. A lot of flavor!
Very tasty but wicked spicy. Add a few dollops of sour cream and you’re good.
This has some heat to it, but it isn’t overwhelming. I added a little bit of shredded cheddar on top. It was good and highly convenient meal.
Too spicy for me to eat. I had to throw it away :(
Excellent!  Tastes great!
My fave frozen Mac. Creamy and rich, with just the right amount and type of cheese sauce.
This is by far the best Dinner. Have recommended it to many and all have agreed. Great value and love the low calories!
Tastes great! One of my favorite meals from this brand.
A great vegetarian bring to work lunch option! The frozen pasta has excellent textures and the sauce is yummy. Add some veggies to the bowl for extra nutrition and you are all set!
A simple, quick & easy lunch option.  Delicious.
I wanted to like this but it was just alright. Not much happening in the way of veggies and a bit bland. About what you’d expect from a microwaveable dinner though.
