Tasty, soft cookie pieces. Even without defrosting was very easy to scoop out. Usually have to wait longer. Super tasty and the price can't be beat.
Delicious! Absolutely the very best ice cream for making root beer floats. Ditto for pie a la mode. And for sundaes, too. And for a plain dish of vanilla ice cream. There are other good ones out there (I know, I've tried them all), but none can beat Perry's Vanilla Premium Ice Cream for all-around excellence. Just writing about it makes my mouth water!
It’s that good! The vanilla, coffee, and dark chocolate flavors balance each other out perfectly, and as always Perry’s produced a rich, smooth, and creamy ice cream at an affordable cost! I’m really glad I tried this...no more vanilla/chocolate/strawberry neapolitan for me...this is my new favorite three flavor ice cream.
The best ice cream that I ever try .
This is really good and doesn’t get frozen hard in the freezer.  It stays soft and easy to scoop
At first glance this mint chip ice cream looks like the mundane coworker that sits quietly next to you but as soon as but into that first crunchy let milky swiss chip you realize that coworker actually runs a underground fight club and reigns victorious as the undefeated champion.
This is the best mint ice cream. Wish it was sold in Cleveland .
I used to only buy Breyers Natural vanilla ice cream until I tried this. This stuff is fantastic! Rich vanilla flavor, smooth consistency, wonderful flavor. Now if only ice cream wasn't fattening...
This was the best cookie dough I've had in a long time. Equal balance of cookie dough and chips. Yum! I hope Wegmans gets it back soon.
I saw this yesterday and bought it on impulse, and am so glad I did!  It was excellent!  I want to try their other flavors too.
Why do you only make this seasonal?  This is my favorite ice cream ever.  I shouldn’t even submit this review because I know it will start to sell out. In love.
My husband loves it.
My daughter and I look forward to this every year. It’s fantastic. Even better with chocolate syrup and whipped cream on top! We buy TONS of this while it’s here because we know it will disappear after the holidays.                  aoverover
If you like coffee flavored ice cream this is smooth, well flavored and copiously streaked with thick chocolate. Sinful - which no doubt accounts for the name.
I dare you to try and stop at one bowl
This is a great kids ice cream! Every bite is a burst of different, awesome flavors! This is my kids favorite ice cream!
The Perry's website recommended this flavor because I love their Cotton Candy ice cream, but it’s really just a heaping pile of weirdness. First, you bite into a cherry swirl that’s supposed to taste like bubblegum but is more reminiscent of Cherry Pepto Bismol. Then you dig into the blue raspberry portion, which is good but not great. And the only time I allow myself to eat ice cream is if it’s great, otherwise it’s just wasted calories. Then you dig into the lemon part, which I was really excited about but was quickly let down. The Pepto Bismol overshadows any hint of lemony goodness. Two stars because the blue raspberry is halfway decent, but I’m definitely gonna need some Pepto Bismol. Touche.
This ice cream is so delicious, I only eat it once a year so it’s a special treat each time!
Perry's  All American ice cream is delicious, and there's  no chocolate in it. At first I thought the ribbons were chocolate, but they are fruit! I love chocolate just not in my ice cream.  This ice cream has great cherry flavor and isn't over the top sweet. Beautiful!
Ok, love this ice cream. I have been looking for cherry vanilla ice cream, like I use to have when I was a little girl and I found it. Some thing other than chocolate this chocolate that. This is good, try it your gonna love it!
Incredible gluten free gooey butter cake ice cream!
For the price, I expected something really amazing.  It was pretty good, but no better than any of the other premium ice creams.  Fine for a one-time splurge, but no need to get again.
Tastes just like butter! Super good. Not too sweet either.
Bought this a few years ago and it became an instant holiday classic! This ice cream is phenomenal. If you see it in your store, get it while you can and get more than one! I got 3 cartons last year and all I got was one spoonful because my family ate the rest! Can't imagine Christmas without it!
My favorite ice cream I love this flavor I put chocolate sprinkles in it to hits the spot love this flavor:)!!
Tastes even better than whole foods ice cream sandwich - highly recommend!
Love the flavor and serving size!
Tastes best when thawed for 5 min prior to eating. Softens the cookie
Makes this sandwich the star of the show. In Some boxes the wafer is soft- this makes the sandwich average. DONT GET THE LIGHT VERSION. Trust me on this.
These ice cream sandwiches are horrible. The Wafer taste like card board. The texture of the wafer doesn't go well with ice cream at all. I tried several different store brand ice cream sandwiches, but this one is by far the worst.  My family and I was highly disappointed when we bit into these. I'll make sure to never buy these again.
Great ice cream sandwiches. A little bit of crunch in the chocolate wafer. Great vanilla ice cream. These never last more than a week in my house!
I really love these. Based on other comments I guess it’s a preference thing. I wasn’t expecting the wafer to be crunchy but it’s delicious to me. Didn’t know I was missing that crunch.
What happened to these? They used to be incredible, before the packaging was changed to this new purple box.The organic ice cream sandwiches are amazing. Had a free coupon for those. But if I'm buying ice cream sandwiches, I'm not buying them because they're organic. Let's be real.
Wafer is actually crunchy. Great ice cream!
I got my first box of summer and cookie was actually crunchy now I bought one this week and there soft what’s going on? They are awesome for price and being generic
Bought a box of these yesterday and was surprised to bite in and discover the wafers are crunchy. Is that normal? I don’t ever remember ice cream sandwiches having crunchy wafers before. Maybe they were thawed and refrozen? Weird.
Better than most of the name brands I've tasted
Creamy ice cream.  You would never know it was a store brand. I truly reach for these before any other.
Finally, and all natural ice cream bar with better ingredients! My kids love these and they are creamy and delicious without all the normal additives like regular ice cream sandwiches have. Love the Wegmans food you feel good about products! Would love to see a vanilla ice cream stick with a hard chocolate coating option in the "food you feel good about" to go along with these and the fudgicles.
These are the best ice cream sandwiches I've had in a while. They are very addicting, so make sure to grab more than one box when they're on sale. They're just the right size but you might find yourself reaching for a second one.
I took a chance on the Wegmans brand and I’m sorry that I did. When I opened the box, every sandwich was open on one end exposing the entire sandwich to air for as long as it had been packaged. I’ll be passing on “Wegmans” brand from now on.
These are creamy and delicious great for a hot day and the perfect portion. just wish since they are wegmans brand they were a little cheaper.
Taste is ok, but if you don’t have a reason to use this on the day of purchase or within two days don’t bother buying! After a couple days in the freezer it discolors and gets a gummy disgusting texture. Spend a couple dollars more and get Turkey Hill or Edy’s!
I've bought this twice (shame on me). Both times the ice cream was... stretchy, gummy. This is something I'd usually attribute to old/expired ice cream. But both were well within their expiration. So this tells me it's just it's natural texture, which is.. unpleasant.
Ice cream’s texture sort of resembles mousse, oddly airy, no amount of creaminess that you’d expect with ice cream.
The FYFGA banner always denoted quality & a healthier product. It seems Wegmans standards are slipping. Regardless of what the FDA states, foods made with thickeners and gums isn't necessarily the best alternative. I would've expected better (and fewer) ingredients from a product containing FYFGA banner. And let's admit the truth: ice cream isn't necessarily food you feel good about & to claim that it is is misleading. This is not a health food not a healthier alternative. There are better products out there, like Turkey Hill Natural.
This has really good flavor and is creamy.
Very rich vanilla flavor
The taste is ok, but after eating some one night and going back a few nights later it turns much darker and has almost a gummy texture. Only buy this if you plan to
Delicious ice cream, very creamy.
Even my 6year old noticed the lack of cookie dough...
Just right cookie dough and chips! Great ice cream.
So many pieces of cookie dough!!
There were extremely few cookie dough chunks (maybe three) in the whole carton of ice cream. The base ice cream flavor was delicious, just was lacking cookie dough chunks and chocolate chips.
You must try this if you like cookie dough ice cream
Creamiest, best tasting mint chip I ever had....I couldn't resist,  I was eating it every night!
Its mint chocolate chip ice cream. Its good, taste minty, and is now green. Big whoop. Its ice cream, color doesn't matter. If you like mint, I'm confident you will enjoy it.
Yay, it’s green now!  This reminds me of the mint chocolate chip I used to love when I was a kid.  I just haven’t bought any mint chocolate chip ice cream in so long because it didn’t seem as appealing without its green hue, but we don’t eat anything with artificial colors.  This is a wonderful compromise- love that Wegmans uses natural foods to add this color- thank you!
Very disappointed that Wegmans destroyed their very basic mint chip ice cream with food coloring.I guess we have to buy the premium mint chip in the smaller carton to get the good stuff.Boo!Michelle P.Fairfax
So delicious.  Lovely chai flavor with a creamy texture
Love this flavor but mostly chocolate. Peanut butter is too subtle
We find the flavor unsatisfying:  not very chocolaty nor peanut buttery.  It would be wonderful if Wegmans would use the same chocolate as they do for their Light Chocolate Indulgence ice cream.
Thank you Wegmans for finally making the half gallons FYFGA. We bought this flavor today. Oh wow. Yes. Very very good. It actually tastes better now. Definitely very good ice cream now.
Very fudgey!
Wegman’s makes the best ice cream bar! We purchase these all throughout the Summer. We have tried other brands, but Wegman’s is the best.
Awesome price and flavor. I wish they would clean up the ingredients like an earlier review suggests, but for now I will keep buying them.
As a fun summer treat, these can't be beat. Tasty and affordable. I can't keep them stocked long enough to enjoy them often between the husband and kids.
Delicious. Way better than target brand. The chocolate is nice and crisp. But I wish they'd clean up the ingredients a little bit. Especially corn syrup.
This ice cream is all natural and boy oh boy is it terrific!  I loved this ice cream so much that I now want to  try the other Wegmans ice cream flavors. I definitely
I love Neapolitan and this one is really good! Strawberry chunks in the strawberry, the chocolate has a great flavor and the vanilla is sweet without being cloying.
This is my new favorite vanilla chocolate chip. Super creamy, doesn’t taste artificial and simply delicious. I like the other Wegmans ice creams as well.
10/10 so good. The ONLY thing I dislike (but the overall creamy goodness and cookie dough gobs override and make it 10/10) is that the choc chips are so small and hard that they hurt my teeth a bit. 

Update the recipe and/or make a just cookie dough one and you will playing with God. 

Also, I would pick this as my 1 item for being stranded on a deserted island - ha.)
Nice flavor
Wegmans makes great ice cream. Creamy and delicious. And chocolate chip is the best!
This is seriously the best ice cream ever!
Why didn’t I buy this before? This is super delicious ice cream....and you cannot beat the price! I believe this is one of the best ice cream flavors there is.
This is unbelievably good.  The taste is amazing, and we are hooked.  Stop me before I buy it all.  It’s that good.
The mix of flavors is superb. I'll never eat another ice cream.
Add bananas a little chocolate sauce whipped cream and a cherry and your set!
The pretzel pieces are so crunchy, love the fudge and pb swirls in this... Def buying again, this 9 mos pregnant mama is very happy haha
Wegmans  ice cream is the best hands down. With their wide variety of gluten free flavors I have never tasted one I didn’t like. Plus it’s half the price of band name.
wish I knew when it goes on sale again so I can stock up
I bought these because when I was younger I loved these but I should have bought a different brand because for only 6 small bars 2.99 isn't a good price and their isn't enough crunch on them.
These are so great, just like the name brand. They are addicting, you can't have just one!

The quality is perfect, very good flavor, much better than some other store brands.
This is our family's favorite ice cream. It doesn't last long in our house, but we have never had soggy cone pieces if it does.  My only complaint about this ice cream is that I went to buy it and it was out of stock!
The cone pieces get soft after a few days.
Apparently there is some nationwide shortage of "crunchies" because these bars are practically naked. In all seriousness though, this is pretty much false advertising; I've opened up two of these bars so far and both of them look absolutely nothing like the picture on the box. There is a big difference between being coated in crunchies and having a pinch of them on either side. I usually think of Wegmans as one of the few stores with decent store-brand products, but these things are just pathetic.
The ingredients still use partially hydrogenated oil, which have been banned by the FDA.  Steer clear!
My boys love these & ask for them every weekend.  Love how quick & easy they are to bake
These are biscuits not rolls I was really disappointed.
Odd taste, hard to explain only that it doesnt taste like food.
A little too sweet for me
This is my new absolute favorite now. Hopefully it's not a seasonal flavor or a sporadic item that's hard to find.
Seriously delicious!!!!
My grandma loves almond joy and she LOVES this ice cream.. she said it’s her new fav!
If you like Almond Joy you’ll love this ice cream!!  I was very pleasantly surprised!
I love this icecream its my favorite!
Leaves a Nasty cheap chocolate taste in your mouth. I don’t recommend.
Of all mint choc chip ice creams on the market, this is #1 always top choice !!
delicious love it just like eating a creamsicl;e without a stick
This is my new favorite ice cream!
Lower fat content yet still decadent.  So good!
I agree with the reviewer who said this is like what Breyer's vanilla used to be before Breyer's jumped on the Gum Bandwagon (guar gum, cellulose gum, tara gum, xanthan gum, etc) with every other non-premium brand (and many premium brands, including Ben & Jerry's) - except it's even better than Breyer's ever was.

It amazes me that this is only the seventeenth most popular ice cream at Wegmans, only the seventh most popular vanilla ice cream, and only the third most popular Turkey Hill vanilla ice cream. Frankly, it's so wonderful and so much better than the others that I can't imagine why anybody would ever buy any other brand or flavor, why it's not the only ice cream Wegmans or anybody else sells. People must never have tried it, or maybe most people LIKE gums in ice cream and that's why nearly all brands use them. It's a mystery to me.

Containing only milk, cream, sugar and vanilla - NO corn syrup, no gums, and no other weird ingredients that don't belong in ice cream, like maltodextrin, diglycerides, carrageenan, etc, whatever they are - it's so delicious I have to force myself not to eat the whole carton.

It's light, creamy, fresh, perfectly flavored with vanilla, and never sticky or slimy like the gummed ice creams. When it melts it turns into cream, not glue. It's wonderful.

It's really the best vanilla ice cream - which means the best ice cream period - in the world, and amazingly it doesn't cost a cent more than its gummy competition. I only hope and pray that its relative unpopularity doesn't cause Wegmans to drop it, because my heart would surely break if they did.
We always bought Breyer's ice cream until they changed their formula and added other "natural" ingredients. The texture of their ice cream changed and we went looking for a substitute. Turkey Hill came out with a Philadelphia style ice cream that is perfect, great taste and texture. Highly recommend especially if you liked the OLD Breyer's.
This vanilla bean ice cream will leave you wishing they didn't use artificial ingredients in any ice creams, it was just that tasty.  The taste is slightly more natural, but boy it is so good I have been buying exclusively Turkey Hill all-natural since I first had some.  The missing .5 star is from the regular price being a bit too high at $4.19, if it was closer to $3.50 it would receieve at 5 star
Tastes just like the Maple Walnut Ice Cream that I remember from my childhood when we traveled the PA Turnpike on our way to Ohio every year! You can not find this flavor any other place!
Great if you can’t eat sugar but want chocolate!
