I have tried every bread on the market and they hated them. Brought this home now can't keep it on the counter.
Thank you, Wegmans!
We have used this bread for years & loved it but about a year ago the bread began to feel almost wet & was impossible to make a grilled cheese with we no longer use it.
I’ve bought this bread at least four times, trying to get some good grains in my bread. I cannot eat the true whole grain bread due to health reasons. This bread molds very quickly with just sitting on my kitchen shelf. Each time I bought it I thought that the bread would be used more quickly than the last time, but no it wasn’t, and the mold would appear at day four or five after bringing it home. The other problem is that the bread shrinks and doesn’t get crispy brown if you try to make a grilled cheese sandwich with it. I really tried to make this bread work for me, but I stopped buying this Wegmans bread.
Soft, delicious.  We don't like the taste  of   wheat breads. This is a great alternative  to white bread, too.  We use it for sandwiches, toast,  and French toast.
I’ve tried many other organic white breads but this is the best one.  It doesn’t have the odd taste that others do. Toasted nicely, crisp and chewy
I use to love this bread; now it is way over baked and the crust is darker than the the wheat bread.  Not sure why you started burning it.  It was not soft like it use to be.
Bland and untasty. I detected the bitter taste that Wegmans bagged breads have had since the recipes for all the breads were changed a while ago. All of the new breads I have tried have been bad. The bagged breads used to be very good, but the best of all was the oat bread. It was hard to find, because it wasn't often on the shelf. I once saw someone with a shopping cart completely full of the oat bread. Another time I met a woman who was buying 2 loaves so she would have one in the freezer the next time she couldn't find it. Since the recipes for the bagged bread have changed, I only buy bakery bread, when I haven't had the time or energy to make my own.
I had to start a dairy
The Oatmeal bread is awesome!  It stays fresh for a week or more.  Fits in to my nutrition program perfectly.  Great with honey and peanut butter.
Delicious, I shop at Wegman's just for the organic bread and the wide selection of vegan food.
Hubby likes his bread; me, not so much. I try to buy breads from him that are nutritionally sound, are HFCS-free, and have a palatable taste. This one makes us both happy. It's soft and flavorful enough for him and seems to stay fresh once I get it home. It toasts up nicely in my toaster oven and stands up to peanut butter and jelly.
One of the reasons I shop at Wegmans is for the great variety of allergy-friendly products, so I was very disappointed when my local Wegmans stopped carrying the dairy-free/soy-free bread I used to buy and replaced it with this more expensive yet inferior product. This bread is cut too thin and burns even on the lowest toast setting, but it doesn't taste very good when it isn't toasted either. Please do not eliminate allergy-friendly products in favor of leaving people with only the option to buy your own product. It is hard enough to shop as it is.
Stays fresh far longer than other brands thanks to the packaging. Great for fresh breadcrumbs as well.
Great for French toast
A
100% so grateful this is in-store now. It tastes JUST LIKE BREAD and lets me and my dumb diabetic butt have french toast and sandwiches. PLEASE KEEP IT IN STOCK THANKS.
I bought this one day when looking for a white bread with higher fiber. Realized later it was also low-carb! You would never know. Not only tastes like regular white bread--it tastes better!
This is the best bread! Thank you for carrying this!!!
I’ve only ever been able to order this on amazon so I’m very excited it’s in the store. It’s low carb bread that tastes like regular bread.  Very much worth trying if you haven’t already!
Tastes like regular bread.
Thank you Wegmans for considering the needs of diabetics. and supplying this item on your shelf.  It is the best bread for diabetics.
Best Low Carb Bread
Have been buying it for a while now, the most recent family pack had me jump on here to leave a review. Not sure what’s changed, but it’s even better now!
Kids & spouses will never be the wiser when you buy this slightly healthier whole grain version of bread. It looks like typical white bread & tastes the same! I always buy this as an alternative to traditional white bread. Priced right for a double pack of large loaf bread. This is a staple at our house!
The bread is very inconsistent in freshness.  Slices always feel stale although its well withn stamped date
Am I noticing a different texture? Is this a new recipe? If so i like it..its like that homemade feel and taste.
Not like other brands where the bread sticks to the roof of your mouth very soft and tasty last along time as well i keep it in the fridge once I open it good price for two loafs
Soft chewy interior. Hard flaky crust. Good taste
I wish this was more sour. It’s not completely without, but it lacks. I like the crust and the texture though. Great with soups.
This sourdough is not good at all. It has no sourdough flavor, the crust is hard, the inside is tough and chewy as though it had been kneaded too much, and it’s too wide to fit in a toaster well. How do I go about complaining to get the old sourdough bread back??
It's very good and I grew up on SF sourdough.  The flavor is just right, crust is chewy,  soft and mildly tangy airy interior.  Perfect plain or toasted.
We stored this in fridge and it still got moldy! It was moldy on 15th even tho expiration date was 18th. Won’t buy again.
From reviews it looks like these have been out for a few years but we only recently found them. They are perfect. Soft and pliable once warmed up a little. Great flavor. Finally a pita I can eat.  I can only handle so much of heavy bread products. These are great with breakfast and perfect for that afternoon tuna sandwich.  Planning on trying the other flavors. Thank you Wegmans for bread products I can finally eat
Excellent pita that is moist, chewy, and flavorful. We much prefer it to the non-Wegman’s brand that we had expected to be better.
I prefer the hearty grain and then the whole wheat ones over these but these are good too.  I like them torn apart and toasted to eat with hummus.  I also use them as a pizza crust.  I love that they are organic.
Found these to be very brittle and was very disappointed with the taste. I tried to use this in authentic Gyros but found the sweetness too overpowering. There is way too much cane sugar in this product to work for me. Not sure what flavor profile you were trying to create but it doesn't work.
I bought these because the regular white mini pitas were not available. I found these to be very dry, easy to break, and generally not very tasty.. I think they would, however, be very good brushed with garlic butter and toasted in the oven as a pita crisp.
The app says they carry it at my store but it's not there talk to people at work there they don't carry it should update your app
These are delicious and the combination hits the spot.
I agree with other positive reviews. Compared to other gluten free breads this is the best tasting. La Brea bread company makes delicious bread- I am happy to find they make a gluten free product as well.
The way my local Weagman's promotes this brand infuriates me. Sitting front and center next to the other gluten free products, I purchased this bread. Only to find out after a horrible 'gluten-attack' that this product is made in a facility with wheat. I informed the staff but weeks later I still see this bread front and center. Every time I pass by it angers me because people with Celiacs may purchase it thinking it's a safe product.. but you have to read the fine print. Annoying.
The best Gluten Free bread on the market!
Best gluten free bread I have ever tried
This is the most "bread" tasting GF bread I've had. Unlike other gf breads, you don't have to toast it to make it edible.
I bought this within four days of the expiration day, and it was awful.  It was hard and too dry to eat as bread.  It was even worse as toast.  It was like eating  charcoal with butter on it.  I waited a long time before I could find this, and was excited when I did.  I feel like bringing it back for a refund, because it’s that bad.  I never bring things back, but this bread is making me rethink that.  Canyon Bakehouse is much better.  This was a severe disappointment.  I took two bites before I gave up and  threw the toast out.
Best gluten free bread I've tried so far
Great for grilled cheese for my kids
Flavor and texture were both poor.
Holds up to mustard. Doesn't taste like sawdust.
I’ve tried bread from a handful of gf brands and this one is amazing! I first had the multigrain type at a friend’s house and didn’t even notice the fact that it was gluten free while eating it, which has never happened for me before. So I was pretty excited to buy some for myself. It is a bit pricey, as is most gf bread, but it’s good enough to justify buying every couple weeks or so.
I wwas diagnosed with Celiac Disease almost 5 years ago and have been following a strict gluten free diet ever since. I have tried at least 90% of what's out there that is gluten free and this is hands down the best gluten free bread (and brand). It is NOT a regular, wheat flour based bread so of course it will not be just like regular bread. But this is going to be the closest you'll get. My family, including my picky 4 year old, loves this bread (and prefers it to regular wheat loafs)!
And I know it can never compare to Wegman's Brand White Bread that we're used to - but this is really not going to work for a 5-year old that loves PBJ sandwiches on white bread and now has to go GF.

He ate one bite of the sandwich. Made cinnamon sugar toast with it the next day - he ate 4 bites. But the texture and taste is just 'too far off' of what he's used to.

Others have written this is the best one available so that's why I picked it as the first for us to try - so I'm hopeful that over time we'll adjust to this - but this certainly isn't "Classic White" like I had hoped would be an easy transition.

Going to use it tonight to make French Toast - too expensive to let the remaining slices go to waste.
I've recently given up wheat, and had been disappointed at another brand of GF bread I'd tried. I wasn't expecting any better when I bought this, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a nice, firm texture, which is better for your digestion than fluffy, soft breads. And the taste is so wonderful! (:
I have been recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease and was thrilled to find Wegman's dedicated Gluten Free section in the store. I couldn't believe it when I found a loaf of bread that was fresh-- not frozen. I took it home to Ontario and was amazed at the taste and texture. The best GF bread I've ever had. It tastes like the regular white bread that I've been eating for years. Thank you Wegman's.
Excellent taste and texture!
This bread is great with or without toasting. Excellent taste and texture. Also doesn’t contain soy.
Great texture and taste. Canyon Bakehouse makes the best Gluten free breads.
Best gluten free bread I've had in my 6 years of being gluten free.
It has a strong egg taste. Cost is a little higher than most gluten free bread.
Cannot say enough good things about this brand. Have yet to find a product I  dislike from them. Wish I could purchase country white from them here instead of at other grocery stores, but this is a close second.
I like the larger slice size and the bread is delicious.
No soy, dairy, gluten or corn - and it looks, feels and almost tastes like "real" bread. You can toast it, fry it for "grilled cheese", freezes and thaws nicely... the best bread "substitute" out there right now!
Makes great grilled cheese. And I like it instead of a hamburger bun. Like all GF bread, better when toasted.
I have bought this bread for close to two years.  For awhile, I bought the large slices from Udi’s. Those were soft and
This is the single best gluten free bread I’ve had. The current name of the bread in the app is “honey wheat” but please note it should be “honey white.”
But very costly
This is a great sandwich bread.  It’s soft and has a great taste.  Love it.
The best gluten free bread!!
This is the only bread you need! Great sandwich bread, great for making garlic bread, great for absolutely anything.
Great for kids sandwiches.
This is not good. It’s expensive. It doesn’t improve by toasting (which is true of most Gf breads) and half the loaf was broken when I got it home so I spent $5 on four horrible slices of bread.
This bread crumbles easily, is too small for sandwhiches, and does not taste very good
The original Udi's is much better. I tried this because i thought my daughter would like it, but we agreed it's too soft, too gummy and she said it gets all gummy and sticky while eating. 2 stars because i love Udis, but continuing with the omega flax and fiber kind. Won't purchase again
enjoy the bread baked as we need it
Just let it rise on the counter all day and bake when you get home. Perfect!
This bread is soft and nice and dense...tastes like an expensive homemade bread. My son prefers white bread, so I'm glad there's an organic option.
Soft tasty organic bread. My mother prefers white bread and I am happy to serve her an organic and Non-GMO alternative to commercial varieties
This may be my new favorite gluten free bread AND it’s vegan, meeting both of my dietary preferences!! The taste and texture are delightful, it reminds me of white Italian bread that I used to eat!
This GF bread can be eaten without toasting!  Tastes and feels like the real thing...but hey...I have been GF 27 years.  This is the best loaf of GF bread I have ever had.  For a great treat...try with dairy free Nutella (Nocciolata)!!!!
This is by far the best bread we have found that is gluten, dairy, and egg free.
Dont like canola oil in bread but atleast its not soy oil like all other whitebreads.
Due to dietary restrictions, I must have a low glycemic, low fiber bread.
Tried this product and have been very pleased with it.  It is important to note that there is a five day shelf life after thawing. I do not like to keep the bread frozen  (it is difficult to take slices out one at a time when it is still  frozen). The bread tends to crumble past the shelf life, but I do make bread crumbs for use in several recipes, and do freeze them.  It is a little pricey, but I think it is worth it.
Terrible bread. Breaks. Gummy. Toasting doesn’t improve it. Stop carrying it Wegmans.
You must keep it frozen and you'll have to put a butter knife between the slices and gently pull them apart but that would be the only somewhat negative comment about this bread. Defrost it in the microwave and it does not fall apart or anything like a previous reviewer has said. At least that has not been our experience at all. You can put frozen bread in our toaster and it defrosts it and toasts it perfectly. It is the only gluten free bread my son likes as all the others are too dry for him. This bread makes great french toast to my son's liking and we've made almond butter and jelly sandwiches with it and it does not fall apart. We've never noticed a smell either. The slices are larger than other brands that we've tried and is better for cold cut sandwiches. Most gluten free products are pricey but if you have to eat gluten free, you expect to pay the price.
It looks like normal bread but it sure doesn't taste or smell good. It has a funky smell even if you toast it and it literally falls apart on a sandwich. Very expensive as well. Would not suggest this brand to anyone.
Pretty good .. not chewy or hard or dry like most gf breads!!
Enter Comment Body
