Not sure who you have in the taste test department but they need to be fired. The flavor on these chips is the equivalent to licking the outside
I love these barbecue chips.
These chips are cheap but very tasty!
Far too salty
Sometimes great, sometimes not. Probably depends on which type of oil they were fried in, but there's no way to tell before you buy it.
These taste a lot like Lays, light, crispy and delicious with only three ingredients and a great price!
These are great potato chips, and they're a bargain even at their regular price. They're incredibly light, crisp and delicious, with exactly the right amount of salt, and not hard like kettle-cooked chips. All brands of potato chips vary in taste depending on the mix of vegetable oils the particular batch was fried in (corn oil makes the best-tasting chips). These Wegmans chips are always as good as Lays and often better, at about half the price. I like these super-thin, flat-cut potato chips a lot more than thick corrugated chips like Ruffles and Wavy chips. Corrugated chips and hard, kettle-cooked chips hold up better to dips, but I don't eat dips.
These taste like the salt & vinegar chips I used to get as a child every time we crossed the border, at the duty-free shop in New Brunswick. Almost a malt vinegar, not as pungent as Lay's. The ruffles give them a nice heft, too - these are a great chip!
I tried these for the first time and they did not disappoint! Don't buy if you will feel bad about eating an entire bag
I tried these as they were out of my usual brand. I don't usually care for "ruffly" chips. The taste is superior to leading brands. Great balance of salt and vinegar flavor. Add to this a good value, these are my new favorite.
This is the least flavorful chip ever. It taste more like plain then salt and vinegar. Give this the tang it needs and the vinegar flavor. This needs a rework.
The old salt and vinegar chips were sooooo good but the new ones are hardly salty! It's hard to find good salty vinegar chips anymore so it's even more disappointing when they changed what was already good. If I wanted less salt I wouldn't buy salt and b vinegar chips.
Excellent taste and unfortunately my kids like them too so I have to get two bags every time. Love the sweet, salty, vinegary flavor mixture.
These chips are amazing... big punch and amazing price. I have nothing but good things to say.
These chips are good but the flavor distribution for the chips is really wonky. Sometimes you’ll get chips with no flavor.
They changed the salt and vinegar chips to the new Himalayan salt version... Waaaay less flavorful and much less kick. Can't recommend... Change it back! The old kind was so much better!
Perfect balance of salt and vinegar. Family loves them!
I absolutely love these chips
I’m not a big chip person but I crave these chips all the time! Best chips ever!
I loved these!
Not worth the discount price...the vinegar had a bitter flavor to it.
Most brands of Salt and Vinegar chips have chemicals that make up the vinegar flavor.  These don’t have all the junk and the price and taste are great.
Salt n vinegar chips are my favorite so naturally I had to try these and I loved them. Some other brands may overdo the salt or the vinegar or both, but this Wegmans brand of chips was well-balanced. The vinegar was not overwhelming and the salt was at the right level for a potato chip. I will definitely buy these again
No Flavor ,and what’s with the cheap packaging,completely rips down the side of bag when you put your hand in to grab them.
I felt that the vinegar was too heavy and the salt was too light. Not properly balanced flavor.
Look I really like most of the varieties of Wegmans Chips. These are the worst! They taste nothing like vinegar AT ALL. They are sweet. Weird and nasty. I would not recommend buying these.
The previous iteration of the Wegmans brand of salt and vinegar chips had much more kick and was much more flavorful... Now it's quite weak... Can't recommend. :(
Wegmans... the old flavors were consistently sold out.  Why change it to a worse tasting  chip that sits on the shelf?
Too salty and sometimes inedible
These are awful, they have no flavor. The old Wegman's Salt
I created an account just to leave this review. And ive never left a product review on ANY website. What were you thinking changing the salt and vinegar chips?! They were amazing and in high demand at my wegmans. They were the only variety that sold out consistantly. To the point that if they were in stock I bought 10 bags or as many as they had left if there wasn't 10. I would go to wegmans just for the chips.. Whether i needed other groceries or not. The old style was incredibly unique and no other brand came close to being as great. The only brand of salt and vinegar chips id eat or purchase and my fiance felt the same way. We always praised them during any chip/snack food discussion. I don't know what we are going to buy now. Because these new ones taste horrible. There was nothing wrong with the original formula.. If it aint broke dont fix it. Im so upset.
Good, but the previous salt and vinegar chips are better.
I like the old salt and vinegar chips a lot better. For some reason, the pink Himalayan sea salt just doesn’t mesh well with the vinegar. Unfortunately in this case, the low price isn’t enough to sway me.I’ll probably go back to buying name brand chips.
Tastes just like the name brand and cheap!
These are not Jalapeño flavored.  They are onion and garlic flavored, and jalapeño is not listed in the ingredients.  They are not horrible, but the bag should have a big ol garlic bulb on the front instead of jalapeño slices.
Just the right amount of spice. Dangerously addictive.
These are great! They have a nice jalapeno flavor with some heat on the back end. Super crunchy. Bought these because I get the Ms. Vickie ones at the sub counter but I like the Wegmans brand better.
My favorite kettle cooked chips ever
TASTELESS & GREASY
These are good but i prefer name brand options
These chips are good, not as salty as I would like and therefore not as flavorful as some national brands. I will say the packaging with the resealable bag is genius. I'd buy again although this will not be my regular chip.
Kettle chips, love the crunch. Wegman's brand good, not too oily. Can easily go head to head with national brands. The great price means I can get good tasting kettle cooked chips and not have to wait for name brands to go on sale. These are winners!
Used to be 5-stars. We loved these chips Pre-covid, since then they have lost the strength of their flavor and become rather bland. At first we thought it was a hiccup during the transition to some new procedures, but after giving them 6+ months to fix it we have decided to find a new chip. Please bring back whatever formula existed Pre-April 2020
These are hit in my house. A little hard to find in stock sometimes, but worth it
I could not disagree more with these other recent reviews. The chips deliver exactly what they promise: Buffalo flavor with a hint of blue cheese. There's heat there, but it's still less than that of jalapeno chips. Definitely give these chips a try
Awful. Acrid vinegary overly hot. Not a hint of blue cheese. Taste like like old film developing darkrooms used to smell. And why are called "Buffalo style"? Do Buffalonians not have a sense if taste? Leave these things on the shelf.
Had high hopes for this Wegmans product, but like other products that have the “Food you feel good about” banner, these chips are sub par. 
These chips are nothing more than salt and vinegar flavor with “FYFGA” food coloring and flashy packaging. 
Buy the Lay’s instead.
My wife and I were disappointed. Other than surprising amount of heat they had no taste. Could not detect any blue cheese flavor.
I was upset when they were no longer available. I'm glad they are back. I wish they weren't always out of stock.
Great favor! Big hit in this family! I would have like alittle more heat but the taste is good!
I am a freak for buffalo wing flavored snacks and most out there wimp out and are not bold at all.

THESE are pretty good with a decent amount of buffalo heat and a nice hint of blue cheese.
The flavor was perfect. It had the perfect balance of blue cheese and buffalo hot sauce! Will be buying these again soon!
I like Wise much better in a regular chip. These will do when Wise not available (This store seems to shove Wise products aside)
These taste like French fries!
I loved the flavor of these chips. Will buy again.
Great flavor.
All my local Wegmans have forced these ruffled Avocado chips upon me and they just aren’t as good as the third party they no longer carry.
Got these to eat with French onion dip and the whole bag was full of broken chips... none were big enough to dip. The chips could only be used on a casserole. Waste of $5!
Very brittle chips. Newly opened bag contained mostly small pieces. Even larger chops broke apart when trying to dip.
...this is a good product to start with.  Has an odd, but bland flavor.  They are not like the type of potato chips where you can't stop eating them.  These are more like where you eat a couple and then maybe a couple more and then say "ehhh" and close the bag.  I got the bag free with a coupon and figured it was worth a try.  I wouldn't actually buy them.
I wasn't impressed at first, since wavy chips are pretty much wavy chips, I thought, plus these were way overpriced. But after using a coupon to get one bag, then two, I must admit they have become addictive. You can't just eat one! And who would want to? They're perfectly salted, plenty crunchy, and maybe a bit healthier than other chips. Five stars, minus one for pricing.
Bought this chip and one of “Good Health” kettle chips in avocado oil for Bills game.  All guest agreed this was a bad chip. Over salty, oily and bag opened with very few intact chips.  You could not use Bison dip because the chips were in too small of pieces.  We use many Wegmans brands daily but this will not be one of them.
These potato chips are a perfect balance of salt and healthy oil
They are crisp and delicious 
We find we eat less ( less calories when you eat less) because the chips are satisfying 
Other chips leave you wanting something more.
Nice option for snacking at home and school. Simple ingredient list without common allergens. Tastes great. Very pleased with this option.
Bought these for a going away party for a coworker and everyone LOVED them. Plan to get these again for future parties. They are great with Chicken Salad.
They taste like pretty much any other potato chip to me, which is to say I do like them. They're a tiny bit too salty like other plain salt potato chips, but they have a nice, subtle, unique smell.
I’ve had avocado chips before that I’ve loved however I just didn’t like the flavor of this one. It leaves a weird after taste in your mouth.
Too expensive and the flavor is absolutely horrible!!!! I will never buy a bag of these potato chips again!!!!!!
Chips look and taste overcooked. They are also pretty small chips, most about the size of a pickle slice. Salt level is fine, like that it's cooked in avocado oil, but not impressed. Of course, it's fine once you've dipped it in french onion. Bag is huge (16 oz), but more expensive than chips should be- more than double the price of Wegman's regular chips at regular price.
These chips are very crisp and have a good flavor.  However, they are a little too salty for my taste.
Finally an all avocado oil chip that tastes great too! I only wish they had a smaller bag as well for the two of us.
Thanks for offering these! They’re a terrific alternative to chips cooked in other vegetable oils. The taste is great- not too salty or greasy. Texture is nice too. The bag is huge and I really feel that I’m getting a lot for my money.
There is no need for milk in potato chips!  I have an allergy to the whey in milk and never dreamed I’d have to check the label on chips. Please stop unnecessarily putting milk in all your products!
These are incredible!!! There is so much flavor with every chip, I always get more than one bag when I get them! I try to not eat snacks, but these are so good, secretly I can eat the entire bag in one sitting! If you like salt, pepper, and chips, you will be VERY satisfied with this product!
So good. My daughters and I love them. So salt and peppery. Really crunchy.
Flavorful
Why do salt and pepper chips contain whey? It gives it an off putting texture. They did not taste good at all.
These are normally my favorite kettle chips, but i bought 3 bags today, and there is no salt or pepper on any! Clearly a batch was missed or mislabeled. What happened to the quality control?
These had a great texture and crunch--perfect thickness to get the hearty potato taste, with a nice blend of seasoning and pretty minimal ingredients. Some of that seasoning was kind of loosely powdered in the bag, but that's hardly a complaint!
Love these chips!  They do have more of a mustard flavor, but that's why we love them!
Delicious !
These are not your typical barbecue chips. These are not overpowered with barbecue flavor. They have a nice light flavor of barbecue. They are crunchy. I do not buy these because they are lower in fat, rather the reasons i stated above. Try them and see for yourself. My young children enjoy them as well!
Would like to buy a full case.Love those chips,best sweet barbecue chips I ever had.
My family was very excited when these came out and bought them regularly at first. Then a few bags were stale upon opening or became stale after a very short time. Went back to Cape Cod chips and haven’t looked back. Hope they improve quality
Forget about the fact these are lower fat, not to mention lower salt. These new chips are just flat out great, period. A perfect combination of crunch, potato and salt.
Awesome crunch. Do not leave your fingers and tongue greasy like regular do.
Definitely the favorite tortilla chip in my house. Great with salsa or as a side to a sandwich, or even a few as a snack.
Awesome flavor!  And with its own natural sweet taste, it’s great alone or paired with Wegmans pineapple salsa.
They. Are totally delicious. Not salty like most chips. Great for dipping or just munching.
Our new family favorite! Perfect blend of sweet potato and corn flour in these tortilla chips.
These chips are fabulous. They are very flavorful. Can’t wait to bring them to the next family gathering
There’s a reason there were only 2 bags left when I went to buy these! My friend bought them over for a girls night a few weeks ago and they’ve been on my mind ever since!
We tried these when we had a coupon for a free bag. They were so good we bought another bag a few weeks later. Mild flavor and we liked the salt level - enough to taste, but not as salt laden as traditional tortilla chips.  We will definitely buy these again.
Unbelievably light, crispy, and flavorful. My new favorite chip!!!
A new favorite!!
These are so addicting!!! We love them!
These are addicting and sooooo good. Could be lighter on the salt, however pairs well with sweet or spicy dips/salsas.
Up there among the best chips we’ve ever had
Wegmans delivered with these chips
I've Tried Other Brands Of Baked Chips And They Just Weren't Very Good. But These Are Pretty Good Crunchy Crispy With Some Salt And They're Very Satisfying. I Would Recommend Days To Just About Anybody. You Can Also Use Them With Dip If You Choose. Lay's Has Done It Again
Why is it sweet?? Crisps should not be sweet! 4th ingredient on the list is sugar, so the benefits from the reduced fat go out the window
thease chips r so good and its nice that they r not too salty like the original ones.
Perfect amount of crunch and salt. No sunflower oil is a plus due to family allergy too.  Love these chips.
If you like dill flavor and enjoy salt and vinegar chips you will probably like these (they are a bit tangy hence comparing to S&V). I love them!
When I saw these I thought they’re either going to be terrible or really really good. They are awesome! They’re my new addiction LOL
I first became "addicted" to Utz potato chips in the 1960s while living in Baltimore, MD, and have relished the opportunities to purchase and enjoy them any time I find myself in the Utz marketing range. So good that they are now available at Wegmans stores. My dream situation: Wegmans and Utzes both coming to Ohio.
Much better than Lays or any other brand.
Just the right amount of salt. Perfect!
13B
These chips are the best even though I eat the reduced fat.Best buy is the party size(14 oz.) Wegmans is my favorite store.
              Ron
Hands down a great quality chip. Great value. Great flavors as well. Bravo Wegmans for carrying this item. We love them!
These are my favorite BBQ chips - light,crispy and perfect balance of sweet and salty.
Please stock these at Great Northern Wegmans. They’re great!
I impulsively bought these chips because they are made with avocado oil & I’m always looking for healthier food options. I really like them & recommend them if you are looking for a healthier potato chip option.
Love the chip but occasionally I get a bag that's really stale and very crunchy.
My family's favorite! Bring them back to Germantown!
Very good chips
These Avocado Chips are absolutely amazing! Made with three (3) simple ingredients, Potatoes, Avocado Oil, Sea Salt.  My family can't get enough of these great chips and everyone from pre-teen and teens to adults and even our 102 year old "papa" give them 2 healthy thumbs up!
Avocado oil is better for us than olive oil and both oils are healthy. These chips are AMAZING in taste and provides a healthy snack to satisfy the "crave"!!
LOVE these chips, I usually don’t eat chips, but these are amazing! They are crispy and I don’t get that greasy feeling afterwards. These are dangerously delicious!!
My favorite kettle chip.
I like these chip, not the most healthy snack but it helps me get that salt fix from time to time.
Nice, crisp texture, but I found the flavor to be lacking in these chips.
These chips have become a staple in my household.  The perfect addition to any sandwich!
Minimal ingredients, great crunch, and clean oil.
Use are the most amazing and addicting chip you will R eat! By the way they're in aisle 16A not 2 b.
The best chips!
I keep a stock of these chips at all times. They are delicious. I’ve tried all the brands out there with Jalepeno flavor, and none of them come close.
You can't go wrong with these chips, absolutely delicious!! My son and I and love them. I hope Lays do not discontinue this brand, it's a keeper.
