My favorite two foods to eat are hamburgers and noodles but I just couldn't decide which one to eat. Then I found this godly creation which is basically a hamburger with noodles in it. It is so good even my dog will eat it.
Love having a super cheap quick and easy vegan soup!
Delicious and vegan!
Amazing flavor. And one of the few ramens that are vegan
Oriental is my favorite flavor by a mile
These might be good for stir fries, but didn’t quite fit the bill for brothy ramen.   More like a spaghetti noodle than an Asian noodle in my opinion
We bought these to make ramen at home, & they did not meet our expectations. Unfortunately, the noodles acted like a cheap spaghetti noodle that repelled the broth instead of absorbing the flavor (& our broth was awesome.) I'm still shocked that Wegmans doesn't offer fresh ramen noodles. We subscribe to one of the many food prep recipe services, & they routinely send fresh ramen noodles with any of the ramen dishes
I bought these on a whim and let me tell you; they exceeded my expectations. Not only is the texture perfect, but they take in your stir fry flavor without having to cook them after you boil. I topped my noodles with my stir fry and it was perfect. Will only use these for stir fry from now on.
Good for a quick snack
Most people start eating Ramen in college. I was late to the party. These bad boys are delicious. Cook as instructed, meanwhile, pan fry 2 eggs over easy. Toss the eggs into the ramen when you're done and stir. You're welcome.
As a ramen enthusiast, these are well work the hype! Before these became available, I had to make my own noodles to get this quality and authentic flavor/texture. Those that found them to have a strange smell are probably smelling the Kansui alkaline ingredient which gives the noodles their yellow color and "bouncy" chewiness. This is entirely normal and even desired.
I think these noodles are over rated. The texture is decent (has a good chew), but the noodles had an odd smell during the initial phases of cooking. The package did not include 'best used by date' or a recommended cook time, which I found bizarre. It simply stated cook until desire texture is achieved. Having to try a noodle every 30 seconds was sonewhat annoying.
Very easy to make and tastes great. Same noodles used in many ramen shops.
Far too salty and bland. Definitely not worth 5 bucks. Just get top ramen for this level of quality
