Love most wegmans brands, but some dairy products just aren't what they use to be. I use to buy wegmans sharp Cheddar cheese quite a bit. Flavor and texture isn't good. mild Cheddar shredded cheese is better, but if I had to choose, I'd just get a different brand.
Love Wegmans but this product does not melt.  I have tried it time and time again and every time I get the same result- waxy and won't meltIf I do get it to melt I have to change the temp on my recipe or leave it in longer  which then causes my meal to burn- I had to throw away a meal I made last night bc the cheese just would not melt
I don't know what cheese they are comparing it to when they say it's waxy orflavorless
Not sure about the other reviews, and what brand name they're comparing this cheese to, but I find it lacking in the flavor department. And that would be fine because it's cheaper than name brands and sometimes you just need some shredded cheddar cheese. My issue is I normally don't get the chance to pick the name brand because the Woodbridge, NJ store rarely carries Sargento's alternative which I find to be much better despite its higher price. I would gladly pay more for what I see as a better product.
I find this cheese to taste just like the name brands.
We use this on salads, tacos, or just right out of the bag as a snack. We all like it!
The Wegman store brand cheese is waxy and flavorless. I've been trying to save money using this for mac n cheese, tacos, etc - my teen noticed and complained thinking I was trying out new recipes. The melt factor is really odd. Takes much longer and reminds me of plastic. I picked a "name" brand and made 2 batches of beer/cheese soup using store bought vs name brand - name brand melted like velvet and had much much more flavor.
good cheese
Great
Does not melt as well as Sargento or cabot brand.  Not as soft when melted.  Will not get again for nachos
No flavor but good creamy texture.
If it's all natural cheese why is it not FYFGA? Is it the anti caking agent or anti mold stuff?
Saves a lot of time by being pre-shredded. Good flavor! Believe it or not... it makes a good cheese to "experiment" with when trying new or different dishes.
Love it! Affordable too!
Great taste and relatively good price when compared to competitors.
I love this blend for pizzas and salads.
Mold in my cheese before even opening it. Very upset!!! Happened to multiple packages.
Provolone wouldn't be my top pick for cheese to combine with mozzarella for a blend like this, but the hint of smokiness it brings to the table works well.
This cheese is a great blend for making quick pizzas at home. Would definitely recommend.
It's "Mexican" cheese, so you would expect people are using it in melty, nacho-y ways. BUT beware, this stuff doesn't melt. Like at all. Stay away.
I don't understand why Wegmans insists on adding ingredients to their products that aren't a normal part of the item. Why is potato starch and corn starch added to their shredded mozzarella?

When I buy ingredients for my meals I look at the ingredient list of each item. I don't buy items with high fructose corn syrup; and when looking at cheeses, I don't want cheese that has corn starch and potato starch.

Besides being unnecessary, I think it also makes the flavor of the cheese bland.

I love to be able to purchase Wegmans brand items. But only when they stick to the basics with the ingredient list.
I am very impressed the Wegmans part-skim shredded mozzerella. The price is low and the quality is excellent. Whether I'm melting it on a sandwich or sprinkling it on a salad, it's always fresh and tasty. I like the convenience of the reclosable zipper as well. I will continue to purchase this product.
awesome quality... texture.. taste. just as Ive come to expect from wegs
Perfect for making Alfredo or topping a caesar salad
I buy this cheese often, as I do enjoy the taste, however I get frustrated with the app that it says it’s in an aisle, when it’s actually in the dairy section. So if I don’t remember that I need it, then I have to backtrack to go get it.
Excellent cheese, but the app is wrong about it's location. Located with all the other shredded cheeses, not in aisle 14a.
I use this cheese for a pasta topping, and in my layers of lasagna.  Delicious.  Just a touch gives great flavor.
I️ used to love this cheese. It tasted so similar to the regular cheddar! But they have a new orange bag and it is unbelievably bland. All I can taste is the powder it’s coated in to keep it separated. It’s awful.
I am a lactose free customer and I love cabot cheese. I especially like it this way so I can make my pizzas. Thank you so much for making lactose free naturally! Thank you Wegmans for carrying this product, don’t STOP!
Thank you for carrying the Cabot shredded cheeses. They taste the best and they are a company I feel comfortable supporting. Wish you would branch out into their other products. The butter, especially.
This is one of the most flavorful Asiagos I have ever had. They did a great job.
This is a great cheese blend!.It is great on pizza BUT MAKES AN UNBELIEVABLE SALADInstead of just putting Parmesan on your salad or having to buy many different cheeses you can just put this on a romaine salad or spinach salad or even a peach or fruit saladIt is great melted or just plainCan’t wait to try it on burgers or potatoesWow- never stop carrying this Wegmans- one of your best products!!!I would give it 10 stars if I could
Everyone in my house liked this cheese and it was a good price
This is some good cheese. Makes for a high quality pizza topper, ooey gooey melty cheesy pleases me.
Seriously the BEST cheese on the market!
These family packs are a great price. I divide the bag and freeze what we can’t use right away.
I use sharp cheddar cheese in a lot of my cooking an almost all my egg dishes, but I use it sparingly. So, in order to NOT have it go bad before its time, I separate it out into 5 individual 1 pound zip lock bags, refrigerate one and freeze the others. For me, this has worked well for years.
I have purchased this specific brand for several years now (west coast transplant), at several stores...I have NEVER had a problem with mold. It has a great flavor - I use it as one of the cheeses in my mac and cheese.
For the second time in the last two months, a brand new bag, more than a month away from the expiration date, the cheese is riddled with blue mold. I will not buy this brand again. This used to be my favorite brand of cheese. But it's turning into a waste of money.
Cabot is a household word in the northeast known for it’s quality dairy products, but so sad to see it hasn’t caught on here.  Never had a problem with mold unless it was my fault (left opened buried in the cheese drawer for way longer than it should have been. :-(
I've bought this a couple of times and it tasted fresh and I've never seen any mold as other reviews have claimed.
Dissapointed to see small flecks of blue and green in shreds. Love Cabot, can't get behind cheese that isn't all one color like it's supposed to be.
had a great expiration date but mold was growing through the entire package.  probably wont buy again.
Right from the day I bought it it had a slight yeasty smell and taste, and sure enough, it was moldy within a week. This isn’t the first time I’ve experienced this with this particular packaging.
Wegmans FAMILY PACK are always fresh and a great deal
I wish they would sell whole milk mozzarella. I wish someone would reopen Willowbrook.
This is wonderful (as well as economical) for doing a production line of lasagne.  I usually make 3 and freeze 2.  The leftover cheese freezes well.  Great product!
Great price- we freeze and use as needed. Especially like that there is no antifungal chemical added
We buy this all the time for our family but don't let the "best by" date fool you.  Use or freeze within a week.  After about 10 days it starts to taste moldy. I can't tell you how many times we've bought this and after less than 2 weeks, had to throw it out because it went bad.
We love buying this cheese! I portion it off into quart sized zip top bags and freeze all but one. This freezes really well, taste and quality are not compromised at all.
This cheese is great to use in Alfredo sauce and other recipes. I’ve even used it to make vegan beer cheese dip. Highly recommended.
So good that my non vegan friends couldn't even tell the difference!
This is a delicious vegan parmesan, the flavor and texture are both right on!
please don't get rid of this one like most good products in natures marketplace seem to be disappearing. This is a really good multipurpose vegan mozz for pizza...pasta...lasagna...panini's...grilled cheeze...casseroles. it takes a while to melt but it does eventually melt and is wonderful. The texture is actually a lot more passable eaten straight out of the package than some of the other cheese substitutes. I use 3 packages per week just in everyday recipes, very versatile!
There is a strong and distinct taste of onion/garlic which lingers. No mention on the ingredients of those being included. Caused some stomach distress.
Really good? Like their shredded stuff better than slices.
It didn't melt or brown like real mozzarella, but it tastes really good and creamy. It doesn't have that plastic feel to it like others do.
The best mozzarella substitute I’ve found in years! The whole family loves it
Finally a vegan cheese that doesn't have an ingredient list a mile long full of garbage! It melts, it smells and tastes more like real cheese than any other brand I've tried. This will be all I buy now.
Very good! I also like that it contains very few ingredients.
This is the closest to real mozzarella I have had, I would even say since it is kind of on the salty side, it is better! it even melts like real cheese!!
Melts much nicer than their regular line of shredded cheese.
The shreds are pretty tasteless and the texture isn't very good. They were okay melted for a grilled cheese sandwich but otherwise not very good. I doubt that I will purchase them again.
This is what Blaze pizza uses on their vegan pizza! I found that out and tried this because it doesn't have vegan lactic acid in it, absolutely delicious and melts nicely. Isn't an overpower flavor like some of these products.
Less is more with this cheese. It melts great. Even my kids like it.
I could not get past the rubbery slime texture.
Love the Daiya products, and this did not disappoint! It's delicious for pizzas and lasagna, also good in salads! Great for those of us with dairy allergies!
I have tried a different shredded "cheese" option and wasn't crazy about it, but my family wanted to make pizza and I didn't want to feel left out, so I gave it a try. I was surprised! Tasted great and melted very nice.
Daiya is the best-melting, best-tasting vegan cheese option I've tried in my 10+ years of vegan eating. All the flavors are good. They freeze well, and you can use them without defrosting if they're already shredded.

Daiya is good for almost everyone as it's truly dairy-free (lots of "non-dairy" products still contain milk proteins such as casein, which can cause allergic reactions), soy-free, and gluten-free.

My best tip for using Daiya is to bake whatever you're making and then turn on your broiler for a few minutes to really get the cheese brown and bubbly.
Great great cheese alternative! Melts and tastes like mozzarella!
The closest thing to 'real' mozzarella I have tried yet. It melts, it stretches, and it even almost tastes like it. Like the other reviewer said, it is enjoyed by vegan and non-vegan friends and family members alike. The only downside is that it is a little pricey for what it is, but I'm glad it's available!
I love cheese and since I became lactose intolerant I’ve missed it but this fills the bill. It melts on a burger and chili. Even good for grilled cheese.
Don't try it right out of the bag. It's not good. But paired with anything you'd otherwise put it on, it isn't bad at all!
Tastes good and melts. Not like real cheese but good enough for our family! We love this stuff!
Because of this product, my husband was able to have quesadillas for the first time in his life this month. It tastes good, melts well, and freezes if you can't use the whole bag at once. It makes a great addition to nutritional yeast based cheese sauce alternatives for mac and cheese.
We love this for tacos, taco salad, refried beans & soup. This is the only cheddar cheeses alternative we buy!
This is the best non dairy cheese ever!
This is good. If you like Chao cheese, you'll like this!
I’m so happy that Wegmans now carries this delicious dairy free cheese!!
Melts really well
I used this to make some vegan flatbread pizza and it was very good. It melted very nicely.
I do like this product a lot BUT I didn't really get the normal spicy pepper jack vibe. It has good flavor but there's no spiciness.
My family is totally in love with Daiya! Best vegan cheese on the market. Wegnans should carry all of their products!!
