no corn syrup for me, please! I call it mexicoke, which sounds like a drug cartel, but it's the real cane sugar that they're dealing.
Excellent; a return to the time when soda was drunk with moderation. The cane sugar gives a more filling and robust taste, making this a treat and worth the calories.

20 cents more than the US made corn syrup counterpart in the plastic bottle, but several times more satisfying.
Because this Coke is made with cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, it has that sharp, clean taste you remember from decades ago. Plus, if one can say this about Coke, it is healthier. Indeed, it even is less fattening, since it is more satisfying and you drink less.

Once you try this, you will never go back, in spite of the higher price. Watch for sales -- I've found this at Mexican markets for $1 a bottle.
Now why in the world would I bother writing a review of Coca Cola?  Well this is Mexican Coca Cola sold stateside.  It is pricey for the size but I consider it an indulgence.  If you like Cola like I do then it doesn't matter.  How does this version differ? Quite simple. It is sweetened with natural cane sugar as opposed to high fructose corn syrup.  This results in a less sweet more robust cola flavor coming through.  SInce it's in a bottom the taste is better than when the product is dispensed from a plastic bottle or can.  My once a month 2 bottle indulgence can be found at Wegman's in their International aisle.  ENJOY!!
Absolutely love this. Nostalgic for childhood.
This is a nice yummy drink. But be warned it's very sugary sweet and kind of addictive.
This unique soda has a hint of wild cherry. Only store in our area that sells it. A bit pricey though, but you can buy it by the case to save money.
I like that this has cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, plus it tastes great! This will be my go to instead of ginger ale from now on.
Have been bringing this drink back from Bermuda for years now and I'm pleased to see it's available at our local Wegman's. Try it, you'll love it! It has just the right amount of zing. The Jamaican Ginger Beers are too strong for my taste, this one is perfect.
I absolutely love Ramune. Its a Japanese carbonated soda. It comes in so many flavors from strawberry to melon and weird flavors like curry to takoyaki(octopus). And the classic original. It doesn't have all the sugar American soda's have. Its really neat, it has a glass ball u need to pop in order to drink it. I've recommended this drink to my friends and they all love this drink. It's also the cheapest at Wegmans, I've never found it cheaper anywhere else. It's even cheaper than five below.

I wished it came in variety packs and not just one flavor of six. But its definitely worth a try :)
National drink of Scotland. 
I haven’t found many that didn’t grow up drinking it who like it. 
However, if you did then you LOVE it. It is delicious and cures everything. 
Think ginger ale on steroids!

Tastes best from a glass bottle or freezing cold can
I lived in Scotland for many years and would drink Iru Bru over any other soft drink. I have always loved it and so glad that Wegmans carries it. I usually buy all they have  when I shop there. Luckily for me, I am the only one in my family that likes it!
This is an amazing drink from Scotland that I'm glad I can get here in the states. It is literally the only soft drink I will drink.
Thanks for bringing the Legend to PA!
Did not like it
wish i get it locally (zip-code 12304)
oh it so good.
