This is the best canned tuna and better than other canned tuna. Never a fishy taste,I cringe when I have to buy other tuna
Very high quality and delicious. Better than any name brand.
Bought it many times & love it with good price
Bought two cans of the solid because they were on sale.  Tuna is so densely packed that once I flaked the two cans in a bowl i had a massive amount of tuna!  This is very good tuna and I will be picking up many more cans on my next trip.  Much better than some well-known brands.
Bought this tuna because my brother in law recommended it.  Loved it and have bought it for years.  Have tried and compared many.  It really is the best.
Like others, I was SO amazed by this stuff.  I never liked tuna that much but this was SO sweet and mild.  Then aroundd 1 year or 18 months ago it changed.  I keep trying it hoping it was a glitch but it always tastes strong and fishy, which is the original reason i never liked tuna before this brand.  I even went to the trouble of contacting customer service and they were adamant nothings changed.  Shows you how little they know.  I know other people in the same boat  (put intended)  What a cryin shame.  Was a real go-to for me as a protein.  I threw out the last 3 cans without even opening.  SIgh
Really good!
Best tuna ever!  I’m spoiled for any other brand or type. Wegmans, always the best!
Best skipjack (light) canned tuna I've found. Thanks, Wegs!
I tried this tuna for the first time, and it's the best canned tuna I've ever had. I usually buy albacore, and always avoided light tuna because I've always found it "fishy" tasting. However, this doesn't taste fishy at all. It has a nice light flavor -- you can taste that and not the tin can like other canned tunas. I also like that it doesn't have a lot of sodium and doesn't taste overly salty (you can always add it if you like it saltier).

I've found my new tuna favorite. Thank you Wegmans!
I switched to this product from albacore tuna after noticing that it has many less ingredients (does not contain oil, broth, salt, or other chemicals), it is just tuna and water!!! It has lower calorie and sodium content. And happily, it tastes great! It has a slightly darker color than albacore tuna, but tastes the same.

I used to buy name brand tuna, but this product is usually the same quality or better! Definitely consider making the switch!!!
Great quality, reasonable price! Love making ahi tuna!
Why is the nutritional facts stating zero protein? This can't be accurate.
This is one of my favorite rolls at wegs - since they do not yet have a rainbow roll. Sushi Dept is stepping up with some good stuff lately. Same price as a restaurant, and worth it.
Delicious! Spicy and good. Definately worth getting.
This was the best sushi roll I've gotten there yet!  It was fantastic!
My wife and I ordered this roll as part of 3 rolls for dinner, and we had to throw all 3 rolls away. As soon as we opened it, we knew it was going to be inedible due to the stench of spoiled fish (the roll was likely made earlier in the day). I tried one piece and had to spit it out into a napkin. The freshness had a lot to be desired. My wife, on the other hand, refused to eat it. Money down the drain.
I bought this role along with the Salmon Volcano Roll on Saturday. To my dismay when I bit into the role the avocado was not ripe.  There is nothing more bland and unpleasant than an unripe avocado.  The role is usually very good, it was just disappointing.
The review comes from someone who is not a sushi enthusiast and cannot thank myself enough for sampling these wonders, I am totally converted today!!!!!!

Tried a sample at the Abingdon, MD location today and I just couldn't resist buying the package ........... I definitely needed a bigger sample for my lunch :)

It's not mouth burning hot , has a good kick, however, I must warn those who are not used to spicy foods at all, a must try for everyone else!!!!
Have been buying this for several years. The quality is consistently high. Solid tuna, easy to drain, no weird ingredients (safe for multiple food allergies). Worth the exact price and, of course, convenient because it’s Wegmans - they keep most of these things regularly in stock. (I no longer take that for granted!)
This ended up going to the dogs. I honestly felt bad about  letting them eat it.  Previously this product was good, I don't know what happened but i will not purchase again.
I thought tuna was supposed to look like cat food. Holy moly this is yum!
I was shocked when I opened my first can of this Tuna! Never will I buy another brand! It's meaty and delicious!
This actually has tuna meat in it. All the other brands, are filled with water or oil and not much tuna. The tuna in this is chunky! I will never buy any other brand. Highly recommend!
Love that its just tuna and water! Too many have broth added.
Wegmans Tuna has never had a bone or scale in it, unlike starkist and bumblebee. The tuna is always massively chunky and perfect. I've been buying this tuna for six years, keep up the great job Wegmans.
Daughter said it takes like refrigerator after having just brought it home
Excellent sushi prepared fresh, and very tasty
Good but feel like the tuna is skimpy compared to other grocery store sushi.
I find this very tasty!!!
My wife and I ordered this roll as part of 3 rolls for dinner, and we had to throw all 3 rolls away. As soon as we opened it, we knew it was going to be inedible due to the stench of spoiled fish (the roll was likely made earlier in the day). I tried one piece and had to spit it out into a napkin. The freshness had a lot to be desired. My wife, on the other hand, refused to eat it. Money down the drain.
Enter Comment Body
I'm a chef, I love quality sushi/sashimi in all incarnations. The spicy tuna rolls I got for dinner tonight were great (other than being mild compared to what I was expecting#. I shared them with a friend who had previously stuck with "surimi" #fake crab) california rolls. I will certainly be comin' back for more, Fredericksburg has been lacking a decent grocery store-based sushi spot since Ukrops closed a couple years ago... Glad to see that's changed!
High quality. I like this tuna salad on toast with some nice cheddar, but it’s also good eaten as a salad on a bed of lettuce with tomatoes, etc.  Definitely not the ‘cat food’ sold by many stores!
Grabbed this for easy sandwich making and do glad I did. Love this tuna salad, not heavy on the mayo, which I prefer. Will be purchasing again.
Delicious! Mild flavor, all fish (nothing yucky). Great value and more eco-friendly. Thrilled Wegmans carries this.
Other speak of it being pricey, but you get what you pay for. This is not just tuna, but Albacore Tuna. Where does Albacore Tuna not cost more?
I bought this for the first time because a coupon was offered. It is a little pricey. The package said not to drain it,so i didn't. But it was still a little dry for me. The tuna taste AND aroma  was surprisingly mild. Will i purchase it again? Probably not because of the cost.
I tried a couple cans of this, trying to save a little money over the Wegmans brand. Big mistake. There is no chunk or pieces to this tuna, its more like cat food mush, which is exactly what I ended up using it for. I will stick to the Wegmans brand from now on.
I've recently been diagnosed with celiac disease so imagine my surprise when I opened my sushi and found GLUTEN FREE soy sauce.   The taste was great, it was fresh and I will be purchasing this again
Tasted good, but they weren't spicy without the included wasabi.  Still high quality.  A good amount of tuna in each.
These were fresh tasting with just enough spicy sauce to give them a kick but not enough to overpower them. You could really taste the tuna.
As good as you’ll find in any sushi bar. And since I have celiac disease, it’s also good to know that all their sushi is gluten free.
I have not had anything from there that was bad. Admittedly, I'd prefer to go to a good sushi restaurant but Wegman's is as close as you'll come to the best grocery store sushi hands down.
Excellent!
I would love to order this but nowhere does it say if it comes with sushi rice. Sashimi is served with a bowl of sushi rice served on the side. I also don't see anywhere you can purchase just a bowl of plain sushi rice to accompany the sashimi. If I have to make sushi rice at home it sort of defeats the convenience of ordering the Sashimi for delivery. It looks delicious, just wish it said wheater it comes with a side of rice or not.
When I saw this in my local Wegman's I couldn't resist.  I've always adored seared ahi tuna, though I confess I had not much hope that this would taste anywhere near as good as it should- considering the ingredient.  But I was wrong.  Despite all my bad luck buying sushi anywhere but legit restaurants, this dish was everything I could have wished for and I don't think I'll ever step into a Wegman's again without looking for it.
Loved the freshness of the fish and the sauce. My Japanese spouse loved as well.
Even though it says it isn't available in Johnson City I have found it there and treat myself. Wonderful texture and taste. I live 45 minutes away and don't often get to JC, but when I do I head for the sushi.
I love sushi and have often found it difficult to like sushi in grocery stores. However, this looked very nicely prepared in the box and I couldnt resist. I am glad to say that the gamble was worth it and this tuna tataki was awesome. Great quality fresh fish and the seasoning on the outside was so tasty. Will be buying again!
I get this at least once a week if its available. It's often sold out. Always fresh and mild.  Pepper coating and soy sauce balance well when paired with sticky rice.
My wife and I both got this along with other sushi plates for lunch. We both agreed it was very heavy on the black pepper and would be better with a more traditional sesame seed crust
Excellent taste, gluten-free (acc. to directions), no garlic or onion. Wanted some tasty "different" sashimi that fit my dietary restrictions, and this fit the bill. It is cooked some, so those looking for more traditional sashimi will want to shy away.
This tuna is so disgusting. It is the mushiest I have ever had; no bite to it at all. Add a little bit of mayo and it is basically like pudding consistency. It all slid right out of the bread in my sandwich!
Had much water in can.  Odor seemed stronger than expected.
Skimpy on the tuna, wayyyy too much zoodles and the sauce was hard to spread.
I love love the taste of this bowl. Everything is fresh and there is plenty of food for me including tuna. Just wish I knew it was good for me at over 600 calories.  Yum yum
This was very good, but I would only buy it as a treat because it is too expensive, especially considering how much tuna you get and that it is mostly quinoa and rice.
Delicious but needs more tuna for the price. I love the chili sauce and will buy it in the jar to put on everything else!  The almonds seeded a bit out of place? But I like almonds so that was whatever.
Traveled to Minneapolis recently and ate at a Hawaiian Poke restaurant with my Hawaiian niece. The only similarity to a Wegmans Poke bowl was the actual bowl. For $12.95 in a bowl of the exact same size as a Wegmans Poke bowl I received twice the amount of food (including twice the amount of top grade raw  Ahi tuna) including the most incredible tasting ingredients (most of which I had never heard of but made all the difference in enjoying a real Poke bowl).  Wegs- you need to up your game on this one. Now that I’ve had a REAL Poke bowl I’ll be following my niece’s lead and ordering my ingredients on line to make my own. Unless of course your up to the challenge to create a better bowl for $12.95!
Amazing!
You can get a much better tuna poke bowl at Core Life Eatery. Wegmans’ bowl is expensive for what you get Some of the pieces of tuna are not sushi quality and have tough membranes through it. Barely any avocado. And the dressing is more like a paste and hard to mix in. Kinda gross.
So excited see Wegman’s introduced  bowls but boy was it disappointing. First of all it’s pricey !Wouldn’t mind paying for good food but there were barely any ! Skimpy bowl with just a little lettuce few sliced radishes,few edamame, few cubes of avacado and smallest amount of not so fresh tuna that’s cut too big. It just looked pathetic !Quinoa brown rice was way underdone too ...Too tough. Poke bowl better elsewhere !!!!!!
Very yummy but a little pricey.
For $14, you'd think you'd be getting a lot more in here. Avocados weren't ripe enough, rice/quinoa was undercooked, and even with the sauce, things didn't have much flavor.
4.5 stars for taste 0 stars for the amount of sodium
Pricey, but good. Good flavors and textures, and the sauce was very good as well! The tuna could have been cut into slightly smaller chunks.
Love these but last one; the avocado pieces were not ripe!! Like chewing on the peel.
I was very excited to find sushi grade
Will buy this again.
If you don't have a good sharp knife (with a straight edge, not serrated#, then to truly enjoy one of these phenominal tuna steaks, you need to get one! If you cut the steak as thin as you can #should be able to see through it# and dip the resulting strips into the "ponzu" sauce they have at the sushi station. I have been eating ahi-sashimi for years, but this time was like the first all over agin.... The meat has a buttery texture #because of the fat content and fine grain of the muscle fibers#, it litterally melts in your mouth! The ponzu sauce adds a nice finish, the citrus flavors from the sauce play well with the natural citrus undertones of the fish. This is just personal preference, but to me the wasabi takes away from the subtle complexeties of the sashimi-grade tuna #like a USDA "prime" rating for beef, only the best makes the grade#; While the pickled ginger seems to unlock the afore mentioned subtle complexeties of such hich quality fish. The only thing better is "torro" #like Bluefin tuna bacon!), which I hope Wegman's will have available when it's in season.
Favorite sandwich To order from the fabulous selection of great sandwiches Wegmans carries. It’s not always available in every store, it seems to come and go, but it’s never gone for good and I always look for it when I’m in the store.
too mushy and has a strong tuna taste. no chunks whatsoever.
Delicious
Barely.
I liked this poke salad, but thought $14 was too much for this bowl. Price point should be in the 10-12 range.
If you Love Ahi Tuna no better Grocery store will have this salad to fill your stomach up! I Love the tempura crisps along with the almonds goes perfectly with the Tuna topped with sesame seeds and scallions! Perfect balance with the sweet & spicy sauce & arugula and zucchini noodles aka Zoodles!
Great product!
I'm afraid to sa just how good this is, because Wegmans undoes it's best stuff, tranforms it to meh, mediocre, disappears it or as with salmon, hikes the price from $17.98 to $24.98. So get this reasonably priced, delicious, healthful, wild caught so no farming disease or gmo, while you can. I prepare it in a near broil high temp roast seasoned only with olive oil and tamari (before cooking). Scrumptious!
Must cook correctly. First time I tried the broiling method it was horrible. Next time seasoned with salt, cayenne and pan seared for 30 seconds each side, not just top and bottom, in butter and olive oil med/high. Rare inside and tasted great!
I love mahi mahi from frozen department , but sometime my store doesnt carry it for long long time , so I bought this one to see if it’s same . BIG BIG mistake , very fishy , very unpleasant taste .  I will never cook frozen fish not all the way ,so eating this fish as sushi - even not a change . I will try to cook it with tons of marinade ,and hide this disgusting fishy taste . But it was my first and last pack of this fish . Such a waste of money , and especially time , that I wasted on dinner that nobody enjoyed almost raw
It's hard to find Yellowfin tuna in upstate NY. A common tropical fish. I hope they carry it in the stores again.
My husband and I LOVE these tuna steaks but they no longer carry them. Very, very sad.
These tuna steaks are good as long as you bathe them in some kind of sauce to add moisture.  When cooked, they're very dry and have an interesting, almost acidic taste that comes thru.  I prepared them in a fresh tomato based sauce with romano cheese, white balsamic vinegar, olive oil and roasted garlic.  I also shred or cut the steaks into small pieces.  They're very steak-like and I did not find them fishy at all. I tried just searing and leaving the insides red and then I tried cooking them all the way through.  Although I enjoy ahi tuna almost raw, these did not lend themselves to that preparation.  The flavor is too strong. I would buy them again knowing what to expect.
Purchased tuna steaks since mahi mahi wasn't available.  Recipe turned out great.  Tuna taste and texture was wonderful.
Was happy to see these tuna steaks as I've really enjoyed Wegman"s frozen tilapia and salmon but these were so fishy tasting that my dogs ended up with them.
I was thrilled when I saw these at Wegmans because I love tuna steaks. I've cooked them twice now and both times they tasted EXTREMELY fishy. (I know tuna is a fish, but this was beyond the normal taste)
Best ever sub, any flavor!
Love this tuna, which has no added salt or oil. It is sustainably pole and line caught.
Delicious! Won’t buy any other brand.
This tuna is very flavorful and moist. Makes the best tuna salad.
wonderful
i drive all the way from owego to shop at wegmans, when their s a grocery store 1/2 mile from me there. please get the starkist low sodium tuna in the pouch back in stock. certainly wish there was a way for you all to contact me when you do. i dont wish to drive 40 miles round trip for nothing.
I was very disappointed with how heavy and oily the taste was.  Sorry, but with the oily aftertaste I won't buy again.
This tuna far outweighs any other brand.
Best canned tuna I've ever tasted.
