Received two bags substituting Two heads. Broccoli is yellowed and crushed
I ate Wegman’s broccoli on my way to gettin’ absolutely RIPPED. Would recommend!
Not mushi, firm crown.
Broccoli rules!
Perfect for stir-fry or mixed in an omelette!
Broccoli makes me feel like I'm a giant eating a forest.  Especially good when stir-fried or steamed with cheese on top.
We bought them last Saturday (04-15-2017). They are so gritty and not eatable!!!!
Thank heavens for bamboo steamers!  I separate each crown into quarters, and steam the broccoli with a just a pinch of dried mixed herbs (instead of salt) ;  it's that simple, healthy, so good ...... no cheese sauce!
The best Onions around! Firm with tight skins. Lots of flavor
Often they are already spoiled, it is not easy to identify the good ones in the store
Great snack for late night trips to the fridge
Half of the bag of onions were bad and had bruising. Could only use a few.
Told my husband to get red onions but by mistake he got this bag of yellow. Surprisingly all onions were a- ok in my previous bag that I had bought before but not in this. Need more quality control
Within the past 2 months the price of onions went from $.99 to $1.19. Why raise the price on budget friendly staples?  They advertise low prices but lower prices on things not needed or unhealthy items like white bread.
These were my go to cooking onions but no longer!Stopped buying awhile ago but decided to give them another try.  Last several that I have purchased do not last long--seems like they are already peeled and turn soft very quickly.  I store them correctly but mold appears not long after bringing them home. Not sure if a new supplier, new type of onion-whatever it is, I won't be buying them again.
These are always my go to onions for cooking.  Whether it is for stews or sauces they never fail to disappoint.  I have never had a problem with quality either.
A good cook needs good onions and Wegmans has the best. Even in the off-season the quality is still better than what other markets provide.
It pays to buy bulk items at Wegmans. They typically beat competitors prices. When The Sams Club was still open in Exton, before I would buy an item there, I would check my handy Wegmans app, and if Wegmans had it lower, I would wait to purchase. Wegmans prices were almost always lower then Sams Club. Im not sure why people assume Wegmans prices are higher. I typically try to educate them and spout off their prices. These onions are a great price! Every now and again there will be a black one but for the price, I will keep buying!
These are great cooking onions for the price! They never let me down
Since my last review 3 years ago, the quality of these onions has improved greatly! They are still generic cooking onions, but for the price, they are worth it! They last much longer now, and are far fresher to begin with. Thank you Wegmans!
I have never had a problem with these onions not being fresh.
Unlike other reviewers, I have never had a problem with these onions. All the same, I do examine my produce carefully before buying. I have found that, if there is an issue, the produce employees will gladly help to find what I need-whether it is an alternative or fresher stock. Also, if there is indeed a quality issue once you get them home, bring them back and let customer service know.
if I use them within two weeks they're great. which is exactly how long 2lbs lasts me so I'm set.
Soft and bad both times I've bought these. Terrible.
Like the previous reviewer, every time I've purchased these onions, I've been disappointed. They are soft, with green centers, and go moldy VERY quickly, even when stored properly.
Sorry, but these onions are not a good value as they are soft, have green centers and the layers of black smudged layers needs to be peeled off leaving only half an onion. Better off paying more and buying one onion of another variety. Over the last year, every time I buy them, they do not last very long before becoming totally mushy and smelly. I do store them in a dry cool place, so my only guess is that it is a sad variety of onion.
I needed two bags of the baby carrots and when I picked them up from the John Glen store produce cooler, the bags were full of water, some had to hand leaked onto others because the outside of the bags were wet too. I bought them because I would be using them in less than 24 hours. I will still rinse them thoroughly so that they won’t be slimy as the carrots tend to be after sitting in a bag with too much water in them. I wish the producers would find a balance between a too wet carrot and a too dry carrot. I haven’t tasted them yet.
This is a good deal for the quality you get. I like to chop them up and put them into soups, or saute them in my tomato sauce for sweetness.
These are too wet and thus they turn slimy white, even when they're still within their freshness date. Disappointed.
Not consistent - some bags are sweet tasting, fresh, and others not. I dd notice the printing on the bags are not the same (UPC code identical), so maybe they come from multiple sources. The better Carrots seem to be cut smaller.

Pros:
Good value
Convenient, healthy snack

Cons:
Variable quality
Sometimes not sweet at all with a funky smell.
When bad, they are REALLY bad.

I will still buy these, even if I have to throw some away :-(
They're carrots. Nothing too extravagant here. Great price.
I don't buy these anymore. They are too wet and they very often smell of mildew. I have switched to the organic baby carrots and have never been disappointed.
I always buy these for my son he
Loves his fruit and veggies but this bag was packed with water and after I cleaned them they were still funky he took one bite and threw up said they tasted gross. It was a brand new bag had to toss them out.
I hope this was a rare slip up - usually your produce is super fresh. The bag had about 1/2 cup water in it. I dumped the carrots in a colander & rinsed them in cold water and let them dry but several had black spots of mold on them. I threw them away.
I won't buy any other carrots! I eat one half to a whole bag of carrots everyday, these take the prize!
Wegman's brand baby carrots are definitely superior to other competitive brands. Consistent in quality and the cuts are a great size - perfect for dipping. They are nutritious and wonderful for all age groups.
I've picked up these carrots more times than I can remember and I've never had a bad bag. There's nothing better for hummus than these babies.
I was very happy with this lettuce
My husband has been shopping for me during the pandemic, and came home with a package of romaine the other day that was way short of the listed weight - 16.26 oz. instead of 22 oz.  The package looked like someone opened it and tore off all the outer leaves of two of the romaine hearts.  No returns during Covid, this is unacceptable.  We purchase this product on a regular basis, and never had this problem before.
Ive been getting into Caesar salads but wanted to stop spending the extra dollars on the Caesar salad kit bags when I can just save and chop up romaine hearts! I wasn't able to open my bag of romaine hearts after falling Ill and on the 4th day when I felt better I thought surely the hearts would have wilted but after peeling away the outer leaves they were still perfectly fresh inside!! One cluster of hearts chopped up makes a huge amount of salad! Could easily feed 2/3 people, this whole bag could be enough for a week of salad for one person. Love this!
This romaine will last about 3 weeks in our crisper drawer in most instances. If it turns wilty, be sure to check your crisper drawer settings. It needs to be kept in higher humidity (vents more closed on the drawer). My only complaint is the packaging. It is SO TIGHT it is difficult to fit back in, and the zip close feature is weak and ALWAYS tears loose (always).
Convenient for having crispy romaine lettuce leaf that are healthy to use on sandwiches and salads!
It's never crisp in my location there's no expiration date I keep checking the bags and they're all limp
I am disappointed in this product because we have purchased many times with no issues and this is the second produce that had to be returned.
I've been purchasing this lettuce almost every week.  Isn't a $1 jump in price unusual?
We buy this and it stays good all week. Very little waste.

But watch out for substitutions -- some "Pacific" brand was mixed in once and it was very dirty.
Love these romaine hearts for salad, sandwiches, or lettuce wraps. Always fresh and crisp and they stay that way.
Buy this all the time, good quality, stays fresh, just don't like flap on bag
I was shocked by how long these stay fresh in my fridge. I can easily make a package last 7-10 days! Unlike the bagged salads, this does not get soggy after a day! Great price too, overall just a wonderful product.
this is a great product will last a week in fridge and still be crisp a little pricier but I would rather spend it and know I can eat later in the week
Stays fresh for a long time, but the bag is packed very tightly and they are hard to remove. The flap at the bottom eventually separates and makes storage and keeping fresh difficult. New bag idea is needed
These romaine hearts are a family favorite, especially our guinea pig. They stay crisp and fresh longer then any others I've tried. They are also more vibrant green than others which makes a salad or wrap not only taste better but look better. In the summertime, try them on the grill for a roasty warm side dish.
Bagged romaine that is not already wilting or turning brown can be hard to find.... I have bought this several times and have always been extremely pleased with the quality.
these are great. they stay fresh forEVER. tasty. and pretty clean already. just need a bit of a wash.
Very good! Was very pleased. I bought Wegman's baby spinach in the plastic container.
Yes, there is a stem on each leaf.  That's how spinach grows.  I'm not aware of any brand of fresh spinach that removes the stem from each leaf. This spinach is fresh and keeps well.  Most bagged greens have some wet or wilted leaves at the bottom, or throughout the bag.  I usually end up sorting out the nasty leaves.   Not the case with this stuff.  I poured half the bag into a bowl, put some dressing on it and ate my salad.  I hope it's always this good.
Always fresh and tasty!
Great for sautéing. Too many stems is my only con about this product.
Tender baby spinach greens are so easy to add to salad, a main dish or as a side. Love love them! To the previous reviewer, yes like other leafy greens they wilt and "cook down" which I'm my opinion is to be expected. It is by no means the fault of the company not does it make it a bad product! I would just buy two bags.
I buy this spinach fairly often. I've always been pleased with it whether I use it in a raw or cooked preparation. I can rely on it being a consistently good, quality product that is very convenient, saving me the time and effort of removing stems myself.
I was very disappointed with this product! One bag of this spinach is enough for MAYBE one and a half servings of cooked spinach.
I add this to my tossed salad for extra flavor. I top chicken or eggplant or make it as a side with garlic and mushrooms. Excellent value, nutritious and delicious! I have even convinced some former spinach-haters to enjoy it.
They're always fresh!
These are always just right for salads or recipes.
I cut these in half and add them to carrots and celery sticks to snack on instead of potato chips.
SUPER DUPER GOOD
These are fantastic! My son is also obsessed!
Wegmans consistently has the best produce.
Love these little cukes! They are always crisp and taste good. My five year old son is hooked. In fact he usually gets cut off otherwise he'd eat them all in two days!
I love cucumbers, but I don't want to eat a whole one. And the skin is usually tough and bitter. These little thin skinned cucumbers are the perfect snack. Not as high in carbs as fruit. But still tasty.

If you are hungry eat a cucumber.
Gagging while even writing this. Just bought this bag and chopped a few up for my kids dinner. They legit smell like the fertilizer that they were grown in. It’s overwhelmingly pungent. Will absolutely never buy again. Returning bag ASAP
Used to buy these weekly and they were always great quality, no problems. Stopped purchasing because of finding at least one bad/unusable pepper in each pack. Haven’t bought these in a while, took a chance and got a pack last Saturday. There was a rotten decayed pepper that I didn’t see when I looked them over in the store. Make sure you look the pack over really well.
I love this product and buy a bag once a week. Of course, I check the bag to make sure the individual peppers are firm and free of soft spots that are going bad, but that’s common sense when buying any produce.

The only thing I miss is that this bag used to have green pepper(s) included. There would be one or two green peppers per bag, with the rest being red, orange & yellow. The different flavor and color made for a tasty contrast, looking good in fajitas or any other dish where bell peppers shine. Wish Wegman’s would bring that mix back!
Buy almost every week. Such a good bang for your buck, and such a diverse veggie that can be used for a variety of dishes.
Delicious and worth the price. Make sure u get a fresh batch so they last up to 2 weeks I'm not sure if there's a date on them I think that's an issue at Wegmans they don't put a date on all the produce very frustrating I have gotten bags before with softer peppers but if you get them fresh there nice and crisp
I typically buy family pack produce from wegmans. I like that the peppers are nicely shaped. They taste good. All of that is pointless, if I have to throw it out. I stopped going to produce junction for this very reason. I feel like Im going to have to return there. All this throwing away vegetables, is costing me a lot of money. Its really upsetting to me. I don’t like wasting.
My go-to when I need fresh peppers! Cheaper to get this at Wegmans than other stores and even Costco and BJ's! Love this!
This is one of my favorite deals at Wegmans!!!
I just bought this package of mixed peppers, one of them is rotted and mushy.  Now I have to drive all the way back to the store to return them.  I should have looked closer at the package I bought, but didn't think I would need to since I had trusted the store.
Peter Piper would be proud of this Pack of Non-Pickled Peppers!! Excellent Price and GREAT Value. The freshness you'd expect from Wegmans at a Box Store Price... Better Even!! We buy a Pack every 2 weeks and they stay fresh as we use them one by one for salads. They easily last the 2 weeks in the re- sealable bag. Highly Recommended!!
Since I use peppers in many of my meals this is very convenient and cheaper than purchasing individually.
Aside from once, I've never had an issue with the peppers not being fresh or having something wrong with them.
I purchase these as a regular item because of the quality ,value and many ways to prepare and use these in my recipes. I also Love the handy packaging!
This reads 4 for $2.29
I ordered one thinking it was a bunch of 4. I only got one!
Misleading
Bought Last Saturday and Will Definitely Buy More On Our Next Grocery Shopping
Excellent  corn on the cob. Bought some for  my neighbor's  children, encouraged  them to shop at Wegman since, they not aware of store opening.
Bought 5 ears on Saturday. The sweetest corn I have ever had and I’m 75 yo. Can’t wait to buy more
Enter Comment Body
Purchased on 9/9/2015 expecting, as usual, a good product--especially considering the price had increased by 50% since the beginning of the season. NOT! Inedible is the best way to describe it. Not sweet corn at all, rather, it is either ornamental corn or the variety raised cheaply to feed livestock. Tough, drly, shriveled kernels, which in some spots were brownish in color. Either there was a mix-up or the produce buyers need to learn the difference. I wish I could give zero stars.
Had this last week. It was wonderful! Fresh, crisp and very tasty!
Fantastic quality and so inexpensive!
For a delicious treat, throw these on a grill then serve with a salad or burger
Wegmans has the best fresh corn in the area. They also provide bins so you can shuck the corn right there. Surprisingly a lot of other stores don't.
Fresh, sweet, yummy. Tastes like I just picked it myself.
yummy sweet!
very sweet & good!
great corn
YUM! so good, EVERY time ;)
Always fresh and sweet perfect corn every time I've bought it.
More often than not these end up being potato tomatoes... tomatoes with no or little taste and a bland dull interior structure.  Typical of mass grown hot house tomatoes.  If you want real tomatoes you have to spend quite a bit more for Heirloom or Organic (when in season) tomatoes.
Always receive nice veggies from wegmans but these appeared to have a fungus
3 of 5 tomatoes rotted overnight. not what i expect from wegmans.
Perfectly ripe.
When local tomatoes are not available in wegmans, these are the ones to buy! They are not the best in the dead of winter, but are above and beyond the best choice when you have to have a tomato regardless of the growing season.
These tomatoes are the freshest ones around!
To everyone rating this below 5 stars, if your produce stays preserved for over a week I would be more concerned than squash that goes bad after a few days. Buy food as you need it..
It’s always a chance when buying these. Sometimes I’ve had no problem. Twice though I have had them go bad within 3 days of buying. Bought on a Friday.. by Monday evening they were covered in black mold.
It seems to rot very quickly. It’s also EXPENSIVE compared to nearby grocery stores that offer zucchini at .99 a pound
Wegman's always has the best produce.
When I cut into my cucumber (only received one) it had three construction nails (yes, nail) in it. Hmm... Needless to say, we did not eat it.
The cucumbers have been horrible lately. I am not sure if they changed the supplier but they are not good. A few times I have gotten them home to eat them and they are bad.
I purchased a cucumber, and when I got home to cut it the inside was brown.
these cucumbers are so natural. who ever eats these cucumbers bon't have to worry about GMO produce
This is really frustrating.  The garlic available at the Newark New York location. Shouldn’t even be out for purchase.  Some of the heads are black in the bottom.  They are all extremely dry.  When I find the one or two beat ones and bring them home the cloves all need to be cleaned of bruised brown pits.  Also, the cloves all have a green root forming in the middle.  So, you basically have to clean them like a shrimp.  I used to by garlic here and it was fresh enough to last at my house for a couple of weeks.  I feel like Wegmans is trying to steer people towards their own brand or the more expensive brand of many products.  As someone who used to run a produce department I can say the garlic that is out for at this location would never have made it out to be sold.
This garlic doesn't look like what regular garlic is
Nice quality, and labeled USA grown.
I bought garlic here for years. Product quality is poor for all tHR same reason cited below. Now I buy garlic elsewhere. 

IS ANYBODY AT WEGMANS LISTENING?
The bulbs usually  have small cloves, with some rotten.  Bulbs do not keep long at all.  The variety is also inconsistent  - usually a very bland soft neck type.  Occassionally, they have a hard neck type that has better flavor  and keeps better - but only occasionally.
Is everyone in the reviews doing grocery pickup? Just pick a head of garlic that looks good to you and move on. Garlic grows underground so there not much reason to buy organic. Just find something fresh and enjoy
I have been buying this for years here and it is getting real bad.  Cloves are too small and when there are large ones, they are very dry.
Ive been buying a bead every few weeks for years. The garlic cloves are huge and firm.
Sometimes they do not have garlic at the Downingtown store.  Recently what they do have is broken or some of the cloves are rotten.
A quarter goes to waste because of very tiny cloves and rotten cloves.
The last few times I've gone, all the heads had missing cloves, and the cloves that were there had soft, rotting spots. Poor, poor quality.
latel most of the heads of garlic have mold on them
This garlic is good quality. You will not find many (if any) that have rotting areas on them.
Tasted horrible. Wasted 1lb of ground beef stuffing these musty tasting things. Have to buy green peppers elsewhere from now on.
I use a lot of vegetables in my everyday cooking so when I visited Wegmans for the first time last week I went right to the fresh veggies. I hardly ever find nice looking peppers in supermarkets. When I saw the loose peppers at Wegmans I was impressed. When I found a value pack with 6 huge peppers I was excited. I wasn't disappointed when I got them home either. They were firm crisp and delicious raw and had great flavor and consistency cooked. A week later the remaining pepper shows no signs of going limp and no soft spots from being bruised.
I did buy other veggies that day but finding good peppers has always been a challenge, I’m sold
These tomatoes fit my daughters small hands perfectly
These tomatoes are almost always excellent. Their flavor is great, I am always pleased. I get one or two bad ones in a container every so often and only once have I ever had the majority of them be icky. I use them in salads and with quesadillas. So good.
Next time I will have to shake my tomatoes completely... The middle of the package the tomatoes were all soft.....
These potatoes were sitting on a display with a sign "Fresh Potatoes". The sign forgot to include the date when they were actually fresh. Most of them were soft to the toch and had eyes growing out of them. I threw the bag away. We had guests coming and I didn't have time to return them. This was the second time this happened.  I wasted money on it and had nothing to serve with my main dish.
The last three bags of these have been awful. Brown mushy spots within a week and they have been stored in a cold dark place. Maybe suppliers switched?
Lately there have been a lot of green potatoes in each bag. Also, many of the potatoes are very small.
I’ve been using these potatoes for 40 years without any problems but suddenly I find that they are mushy mess. Trying to mash them is impossible because they melt into a puddle of mush and are pretty tasteless as well. They ruined one too many meals in this household
Not sure about the other reviews but these are fine for me. Got to keep them in a dark cool place and they last a week or 2.
Just bought these. I had
to throw out more than half because of  large brown spots in the middle. Potatoes were rotten inside. I have bought these several times but this is the first time I’ve had to throw them out. Not sure if I will buy them again soon.
These always go bad in 2 days!
I can not use more than half potatoes every time.
Don't know what happened in the produce dept. but these potatoes and a lot of other items have gone downhill in the last year.
not worth the price anymore.  lately the bags are half full of tiny potatoes.  this last baghad several full of spots.
I just bought these and was only able to use half the bag...the other half were rotten in the middle...will not be buying these again!
Wegmans sells the worst potatoes. I stopped buying them awhile back because they were always green, but I had to buy a bag in a pinch, and every one I sliced into was rotted in the middle. Out of 4 potatoes, I had about 2 usable potatoes in total.  Will never be purchasing again.
I buy these because I like white potatoes for stews and for mashed potatoes, but the quality is extremely variable.   I would like to suggest that Wegmans consider putting a USE BY date on each bag.  I think this is necessary for this product.  When I buy a brand new bag and use it right away,  I find I have to peal them relatively heavily and cut away quite a bit of bruising, then, I definitely have to cut them in half because many times I have gotten potatoes that look fine on the outside but are rotten in the center.  They also do shrivel quickly -- I find that under cool, dry conditions, they are really only good for about a week -- please consider putting a USE BY date on this product.
Been buying these for years , but I found a rock in the bottom of bag . What happens to quality control .That did it for me not fresh potatoes mostly rotten not worth money . Will never buy these again . Will get these from a competitor with mesh so I can see before buying !
Nice and fresh
I bought these for Christmas dinner and noticed a horrible plastic smell on the potato bag when emptying the groceries at home.  I immediately removed the potatoes to check and they all had absorbed the smell. Even after airing them out for a day, they had that smell! I returned them and could not find a replacement that did not have that smell in two different Wegman's stores. I bought potatoes in a mesh bag with no smell at a competitor.I have bought potatoes at Wegman's for years with no problem, but I"ll never buy them there again without doing a "sniff test".
I check the bag before buying these and make sure the potatoes are firm and not getting soft. Once home I use them quickly because the tend to go soft and develop sprouts within 7-10 days.They are fine to use otherwise.
Should adjust price for 4 pounds as I have to keep throwing out a pound
Maybe produce buyer should investigate supply chain
Best price on white potatoes by far
We bought two bags, after a day we found juice is coming out with strong pungent smell. Returned following day.
I started to think it was me but its too much of a coincidence that the last few bags i have bought have been awful.  They are soft and when I make mashed potatoes they come out gluey and tasteless as another reviewer had stated.  There is definitely a quality problem.  Wont purchase again.
I just bought a bag and when I peeled them they were too moist and sponges. I made mashed potatoes and they tasted like glue.
I buy potatoes all of the time and generally they last for weeks. The past two times I bought this bag they started growing eyes after a few days. The most recent bag I purchased left a leaky, smelly mess in my pantry less than a week after purchasing. I switched to buying individual potatoes that still had black spots in them when cut open. I will probably buy potatoes elsewhere from now on.
Around the holidays, these go down to only $1.49 per bag!!! What an amazing value for 5 lbs of potatoes. As to quality, I have never had a rotten bag and I have found a few small black spots but who cares?! Just cut them out! Thank you Wegmans for having such great prices.
I continue purchasing these, but many are wasted due to large areas of black spots which exist in various sections of the potatoes. These work best when cutting up so you can find all the hidden black spots. The parts of the potatoes being used do taste good.
I used them for soups, mashed potatoes and fries. it's delicious, good quality and great value !!!
See a lot of reviews saying these potatoes have bad spots. Most potatoes you get in winter time are going to have a few blemishes. I use these to make some fried Cajun potatoes and my fiancee makes some killer French Fries with them. For two dollars a bag you cannot really go wrong, as long as you know how to cook they taste great!
Bagged potatoes during winter season tend to be hit and miss. I just cut off any bad spots, the overall quality is not affected by these spots.
GOOD TASTING FOR WHITE POTATO
Wegmans Fairport never puts produce in a bag - celery, tomatoes or onions just loose in the bag
Most produce is fine but we have consistently had limp or super thin stalks that are bitter.  I no longer put celery on our Wegmans list.
The last 2 bunches of celery I bought were limp within 4 days, before I had a chance to use them.
I love Wegman’s produce but their celery is the worst.  It’s limp, stringy and unusable for crudités.  Aldo’s, Tops, Walmart and PriceRite all have better... why can’t Wegman’s find their suppliers?
This has a good flavor. However is is deffinstely for cooking rather than celery sticks. Chopped or cooked is is fine but raw is tough to chew.
Yummy
That's it!
While these are NOT yams (Wegman's should know the difference), they are darn good sweet potatoes. (Yams are much larger  and are starchy - not sweet.)
The Nutrition guide doesn’t show any Vitamin A?
My daughter did a report on the difference between the two. Google the difference for yourself. The cardboard box in the store calls them sweet potatoes but W insists on calling them yams. Go figure. I guess you can be flexible in one area but rigid in another. It does not change that the label is incorrect. But they are still good!
Bought the 3 pack as the individual cucumbers were not available. Big let down for gourmand, half started rotting within hours, not ripped enough. The price is right so it’s a good buy if you eat/prepare the whole pack within one hour of leaving the store.
These are great cucumbers, except I find it so disheartening that they are wrapped in so much plastic! 

I also can't see any info about how these are grown. They're not organic, but are they pesticide free? Non GMO? More information on the produce we're buying would be so appreciated.
Having purchased these potatoes for years with no problems, my recent purchase (in the new orange bag) was disappointing. I opened a brand new bag to find that several of the potatoes had large mold spots and areas where they had started to rot. At least with the clear bag I could see the condition and size of the potatoes. Don't think I'll chance it again.
I too have noticed that these potatoes have a strong mildew odor. I also agree that they seem old. I have also noticed that they are damp, which I find unusual. This has been the case for the past 6 months or so. Until the store corrects the problem I will buy potatoes elsewhere.
The bagged potatoes seem old. Russet and white potatoes in the bags have a strong smell.  And, after 4 days the Russets developed sprouts and my husband thought there was onion was an onion rotting. Will only buy individual potatoes now.
These are a really great value for the price. Russets are the best for mashed potatoes, home fries, and— if you’re feeling ambitious— homemade fries. Nine times out of ten, all the potatoes are perfect. Every once in awhile (this goes for the white potatoes as well) you’ll get one or two in the bag that are past their prime, but for $1.50, no big deal.
Good quality - fairly uniform size, unblemished.
These potatoes are a fabulous value!
Very nutritious vegetable, potatoes are easy and fast to cook!
So versatile that recipes are limitless, most people love potatoes and very few people have potato allergies.
They store easily and for a long time when stored properly.
Also serve as an excellent vehicle for butter.
Great to have for salads, sandwiches or toppings on pizza and in stuffings for mushrooms or pastries
We generally have bought the family pack, which for some reason I can’t review right now. Unfortunately we’ll probably not be buying these any longer, as they have many leaves go bad before opening. The narrow blades spinach leaves in the containers all go bad and start to turn their neighbors bad. I think if the narrow blades spinach wasn’t present it’d be fine, but there are several dozen of them in a container. I don’t recall these being present much years ago, but then maybe they just didn’t go bad at the time.
The spinach was very fresh and it lasted a very long time. Used all of the producr before it went bad from long time sitting in refrig.
I love the spinach, it is so fresh,  but I DON'T LIKE THE NEW LID, IT DOES NOT LAST AS LONG AS THE PLASTIC LID.
Spinach seems to last longest, and it’s always clean and fresh.
After you open it leave a napkin or a piece of paper towel inside to absorb moisture to prevent wilting.
I am yet to find a box of spinach that doesn’t have some wilted leaves. These are good though. Goes well in sandwiches and as part of a salad.
Mixed in with the Mac and cheese. (Wegmans). Then added half bar of montary jack cheese. Baked 30 minutes. Wonderful.
Always always always check produce before you eat it, just because it's organic does not mean you don't need to wash it! The weed that is mentioned is part of the lower leaf of spinach it's not a weed. :) The plastic packaging is 100% recyclable PETE. Unlike wasteful plastic bags lettuce is sold in which are not recyclable because their wet and sometimes are microwaveable plastic. Well it's a good product in a good package!
Wegmans produce is usually high-quality, but this is an exception. It invariably contains bits of some kind of weed (not sure what it is, but I've never seen these thin, lancelike leaves in any other packaged organic baby spinach). I could live with this, but last week as I was sorting through to toss the weeds, I found a big winged insect of some sort. Triple washed, of course, but still not something I relish consuming. On top of it all, Wegmans opts for a type of packaging that requires an extra layer of sealed plastic--other brands don't. It's a shame. I'm buying from Greenstar now, even though it's more expensive and I need to make an extra grocery stop.
This organic baby spinach sautes up in a little coconut oil to add to an organic omelet or scrambled organic eggs for a healthy breakfast. I usually slice it up smaller or tear it smaller. Very yummy .
So far I haven't gotten a bad one. I dice them tiny using one of those little produce choppers. It makes way more chopped onion than Wegmans sells in the containers for a fraction of the cost. I add a little olive oil and cook them in an air fryer with a slice of organic bacon over them. It's so good.
Ess
Ok
I've purchased these many, many times over the years at my local wegmans, and never had an issue with a single one they are always perfect. The flavor is always very strong perfect for wraps and salads.
Never thought I would write a review on a lone redskin onion. I purchased two, on separate days, for a specific salad. Both were rotted at the core. But, so far this is the only product that Wegmans sells that I haven't enjoyed.
These green beans are great and can’t be beat.  They are always fresh and cook up nicely.
My kids and I loved these green beans. They were easy to make, it was healthy, convienent and a vegetarian meal. We are the entire bowl, as a meal, under $5. I'm glad we tried them and will add it as a regular meal to our monthly menu.
I have been buying these for a very long time but 3 times I've gotten them over the last 3 months they are beautiful outside and rotten inside! I spent a lot of time cutting the insides out to try to salvage them the last time, but even the part that was left that looked good tasted bitter and sour!
Great product. There are times when the sprouts don't last as long in the fridge, but that's not a deal breaker. As with all produce, sometimes you can go a week without any sign of withering while other times you see signs of withering after a few days. We love to roast these in the oven with Wegman's basting oil and tossed with turkey bacon. Note, these will need to be washed before use.
More than half of the Brussels sprouts in this bag were brown on the inside a week before the “Best By” date
I have recently needed to change my diet and came across this at Wegman's!  Boy am I glad I did, what a great product stays fresh for such a long time and this ig a GREAT value!  Will be buying more soon!
I really enjoy these. like the packaging, good quality. I buy often and out of an entire bag there might be one sprout that isn't in almost perfect condition
As a buyer of these weekly, I know what these used to be like. I'm not sure if the supplier has changed but these are awful. I'm peeling away a lot of leaves to get past the bad ones and often I end throwing the sprout completely out because it is rotten. I will hold off buying these for a while in hopes that they get better!
if you don't use the whole bag the first time, the brussel sprouts last to be able to use them with another meal..
All browned inside leaves.  Had to throw it away.
Not pleased with the iceburg, brown slimy parts of leaves especially today. I’ve found much better in other stores.
I’ve noticed some bad reviews on this, first off, it’s iceberg lettuce, currently it cost .99 at Wegmans. I’m always the type to search through and bring home the best head of lettuce I find, having said that Wegmans has the best selection of good looking heads of lettuce. In any grocery store there’s going to be a couple of bad heads of lettuce, but Wegmans  usually has the best looking ones. If you are like one of those people that don’t look at the head of lettuce before you bring it home, and then notice it has a brown spot, that’s on you, it’s not like Wegmans makes the actual lettuce itself.
I just purchased iceberg lettuce today and it has brown spots all over the inside
I purchased A head of lettuce for $1.29 on Sunday. Today is Tuesday and it’s brown with spots throughout the whole head. Cut into it and I can’t even salvage some of it. Gross and bad quality.
Iceberg Lettuce is now $ 1.00 more than it should be, and the leaves look disgusting. Bring it back to $ .99 a head, or less, and sell fresh lettuce.
always  stays fresh in my frig..
I often bought these but no more after two heads rotted less than two days after buying them.
Crisp lettuce for a great Vegan salad.
Much better than most stores...

Pick the heaviest one. We quarter, remove the core & outside leaves, and soak through several changes of COLD water. That helps to remove the "funky" smell that you so often find.
I only by iceberg lettuce from Wegmans because it is always fresh and the heads last!
Perfectly picked and so ripe, just right for the pasta salad recipe.
I just paid $1.29/lb in NYC
cs
These peppers are thick and have a wonderful flavor, you are getting your monies worth with these. I buy them in bulk and freeze them and they are wonderful!! So versatile.
You can grow these for a while if you put them in a cup of water an just chop off the top
Always fresh with great flavor
What can one say about scallions? I thought I'd share a couple ways to use these yummy things:

1.) My grandfather, who was born around 1905, taught me to pull these up in the garden, wash them, and then eat like a carrot. The trick is to keep dipping the end in a small bowl of salt.

The salt cuts the aggressiveness of the scallion, while preserving the flavor. Your cardiologist won't like it, and grandad died of congestive heart failure, but the two of us ate quite few scallions together and enjoyed every oniony minute.

2.) Slice lengthwise into very thin long strips (there is a Japanese multi-bladed knife designed just for this) and then throw on top of a bowl of just-poured ramen noodle soup. The scallions will wilt a bit in the hot broth, but retain their crunch and flavor. Again, the salty broth will cut the harshness of the scallion, while leaving the flavor.

3.) Chop up some scallions. They look good with a bias cut, about 1/2 inch long. Then toss with two parts soy and one part toasted sesame oil, drain, and serve as a side dish. The saltiness of the soy sauce (notice a theme here) tames the scallions, while the sesame oil adds a great umami note. This one is a good burger topping.
Quick tip, buy more than you may need and keep it in the freezer for creamy smoothies. lasts way longer and tastes great
Nice product for salads or smoothies. It definitely last longer in the fridge than the Spring Mix.
This spinach is consistently good quality and seems to last a very long time.  I love the container- it doesn’t get bent and squished in the fridge!
Very good taste but lately there have been longer and longer stems in the batchesToo expensive for a lot of stems
I buy this weekly and use for smoothies.
I like the price. I like the spinach. At times, there are black ends. I will continue to buy.
Nice price! Very convenient that's it's already washed and ready to use. If we're not going to use it all in a week, we freeze the rest for smoothies or recipes.
We've bought this weekly for years, and until the last month or so it's been a great product at an excellent price.  Recently, the spinach is getting mauled in the packaging process, and once the leaves are smashed, torn, or cut, it goes bad really quickly.  Wegmans, please restore the quality!
I buy this spinach every single week but lately i have noticed some new packaging that i do NOT like at all. The lid is a hassle and it takes up more space. Please bring back the old packaging!!!!
I love this store EXCEPT for their spinach. Always goes bad much faster than Olivia's brand. Always has condensation in packaging. Most disappointing product at Wegmans.
Like the other customer reviews, I'm very disappointed in the downsizing of this package of spinach. This is one of the things I specifically go to your store for once a week or more, but am now considering shopping for elsewhere.
I encourage other customers to speak up so that the old style package (bigger with a resealable lid) can be brought back.
Don't like that it got smaller and the lid is different! It falls off and does not seal. The spinach is fresh and is constantly being restocked.
The product is top shelf, however, the downsize in packaging is not appreciated. Yes, the price is the same. Customers do notice these things. I purchase this product all the time and just last week was shocked to find the smaller size. Seems everything is shrinking, where will it end?
I love the product and the price is great but the new package change is awful! I really dislike you taking away the lid and just covering it with a peel away piece of plastic. Now instead of being able to use the same container throughout the week I have to put it into another container that has a lid. Please consider going back to the way it was. Thanks!
This organic baby spinach is great for salads and cooking, but is eaten every morning in our house in banana-peanut butter-protein smoothies!
Bought today as soon as they were being put on the shelf. Got home and cut immediately to prepare for a road trip and had mold inside. No time to return.  Same thing happened with strawberries today.  This is becoming a recurring issue with Wegmans produce. Very disappointing.
Bought yesterday and they already had mold on the inside.
Red, Yellow and Orange Greenhouse Peppers are now individually priced at 2.99/lb. Shouldn't be $1.00 more for bulk packaging.
Been buying this 3-pack for a couple of years now. Fresh and crispy peppers every time! And I also look for the biggest package.
These are my new favorite peppers at wegmans! You save so much money buying them.  I always look for the biggest pack, so I definitely get my money's worth. They are always so fresh and crisp! I have never had issues like other reviewers with the quality or the peppers being bad.
2nd time I bought these. The larger was rotted when cut open and small one was hard and not as flavorful. You only save a little, just buy them separately
Tried to trim it off but there was too much.
It says $2.99 on the app. I was charged $3.99. Its not the first time my purchase price has not lined up with the price in the store. This makes me crazy. Its not cost effective for me to drive back for a $1. I like the quality of the cauliflower?
Just awful. I won’t buy baby carrots because the have become tasteless (genetic modifications?)... Wegmans carrots (organic is the only kind available at our store) taste equally awful.
I recently placed an online order and my groceries delivered for the first time . Everything was great except for this carrots. The bag was torn open when it arrived which is strange. I ended up not eating them, because who know where they have been.
Nice if you eat them right away. The produce shelf is way too wet, so even if you take them out of the bag and dry them off, they rot fast.
Very fresh, I will buy them again!
I go straight to the organic veggies. Yes higher in price BUT isn`t your body and family worth it?
a good buy and taste better than the baby carrots
Cheaper to buy two pints
Had no taste is was pick fresh , no flavor
What a wonderful product! These can be eaten by themselves as a snack, added to a salad, or roasted on the grill. All that for only one calorie a piece!
If you're a big salad eater or like to much on some raw veggies, this is a great deal. Tomatoes are always fresh and taste good. Although on my container it says "Produce of Mexico" so not 100% accurate on the online description. I still buy it though!
These are the best deal around. Other markets charge the same price for a pint!
My Kids Love Grape tomatoes, they eat it for a snack instead of cookies, they eat it like fruit, you know, tomato is actually a fruit not vegetables after all :), I use it in Salads as well, and other recipes, but my kids finish the whole pack same day I get them, sometimes I mix it with some grapes and wegmans English cucumber that I cut in cubes, also cube Jarlsburg cheese and some baby carrots in zip lock bag, and this will be their snack , they love the many colors and different textures, better than crackers and coockies, I make sure I make a snack bag for myself too while running around with my kids outside !! Love wegmans !!
Very good taste. Lasted long time in refrigerator.
Perfect size. Used them fresh and added them to roasted vegetables. Delicious!
I love these CLUB PACK grape tomatoes for their convenience. They are sweet and firm and already bite-sized, so I can keep them in their container all week, and add them to my lunch-time salads by the handful each day.
Buy this every week and never disappointed. Some of the bands reviews makes me wonder if people understand how to buy and store?  If it LOOKS like it’s not fresh pick another bag!!!!  Doesn’t last long when opened?  Tupperware, and others, sell special containers just for veggies and fruits and at least as far as the Tupperware, I can say, this last at least a week.  Another tip...don’t wash and store.  Wash before eating.  Same with other fruits like blueberries, strawberries....but I store lettuce in a plastic baggie. I pierce a few tiny holes to allow air into the bag.  I also put a paper towel cut in half on each side of the lettuce.  This also helps keep lettuce longer.  Even with the Tupperware container, I wipe the moisture from inside the container 1-2 Xs a week.
does not last long when opened ,
Lettuce was brown and slimy
Lately the lettuce is no longer good within a day after opening .... it gets brown and slimy and does not last tulle the expiration date.  Also there are lots of stem and end pieces in the mix lately that are just not edible.
The quality of Wegmans greens has decreased substantially over the past year. However, this is a consequence of erratic weather. Their greens are always better than competitors. I have found that they will last longer if you method of storage. Grab some empty produce bags (on the rolls with the twist ties) before you leave the store, put a paper towel on the bottom with the greens on top when you get home, and put in the fridge. :)
Gross and slimy. Have to buy elsewhere
I recently opened this bag of Romaine and am currently eating a homemade Caesar Salad. The Romaine is extremely fresh and crisp just the way I like it!! I am very happy with this purchase. I see other reviews mention that it will not be very good in a day or so. I can't comment on that just yet but I do plan to use this Romaine for another salad tomorrow and see how that goes.
For months, I have had experiences where I purchase Wegmans bagged salad and they are wilted/brown/slimy/no longer acceptable to eat only 1-2 days after purchasing. I have not experienced this problem with the same severity with other grocery store brand bagged salads. It's very disappointing as Wegmans' brand usually Haaa excellent quality products.
This lettuce (or any bagged Wegmans brand lettuce) is not worth the money. the most recent bag I bought went bad before I opened it despite the fact that it was three days before the best buy date. This isn't the first time this has happened either. I would only buy this if I opened the bag the day I bought it and ate the entire bag that day...which means I will never buy this again.
I had Caesar Salad kit on the list for my husband. He accidentally picked this up. Since we do not eat the croutons, and we had the cheese needed anyway...we just went ahead and used another dressing (we didn't have anchovy paste on hand).

The lettuce was wonderful. Fresh, crispy and no need to wash helped out.
I bought it and it went bad in a day, and got slimy in less than 48 hrs
The current bushel sizes are 5 times the amount that are needed for any recipe. For $0.99 you really could make the portion smaller to avoid food waste. The quality is excellent otherwise.
I used with my eggs scrambled & ghost peppers salas.
Nice full and fresh bunch! Market basket and stop and shop's does not come close!
These are sliced, but unwashed. Takes forever to clean them. I'll buy the whole ones from now on,  much less time to slice instead of having to clean each presliced piece.
Every time I buy these mushrooms they turn before the expiration date. It's a great price but they need to be used the same or the next day after purchase. I'll stick with buying the whole and slicing them myself.
I've been buying these for years--great, quality mushrooms, same price as the white, with a slightly stronger flavor. The problem? Lately, the slices are ridiculously thick... like a quarter inch. Good product, but the thick slices mean you'll be reslicing and not saving much time!
I am a mushroom freak. I buy these everytime I go to Wegmans. Not only do they taste good, they are normally 2 packs for 4 dollars. I have used them
in soups, fajitas, stir frys, and etc. You can't go wrong with this product.
Washed and sliced for you to use right from the package, great for creating quick meals. I grilled these with EVOO, green beans, garlic, a splash of water and a splash of balsamic vinaigrette; it was ready to serve in 10minutes.
Carrots became slimy in less than a week. This is not the first time.
Every time I have to throw away a few because it's damaged.
Not a fresh as they could be.
I would rather you skip the "Organic" and go for a fresher product.
Some damage but enough to live with.
When it comes to nutritional bang for your buck, you can't beat the big bag of Wegman's Organic carrots! Having plenty of carrots on hand creates a healthy snack option, a healthy side dish option, and, our favorite, a healthy star for delicious soups. You can make a delicious carrot soup using 10 carrots and just a few other ingredients that serves 6-8. Great, healthy, delicious low-cost meal!
Just as good as other brands, if not better.
The taste is great, but if you compare sodium labels to other store brands or name brands, these are double the sodium...
These are great beans I love them and how cheap they are
Nutrition on label includes the liquid which skews the numbers, so if you are interested, the actual serving size is 69g (68.5g) and all of the other numbers can stay the same (if you count your macros).  I tested this by rinsing the black beans off of any liquid and weighing them after rinsing.  There was 240g of black beans in the can.  :)
These black beans are delicious, my husband loves them! I come from realitively far to shop the WEGMANS brand!
I prefer these over the national brands.
I bring some of Wegman's black beans a nd some rice for lunch to work regularly. Great healthy option!
I toss a can in anywhere I have an excuse to! Delicious!
These black beans really surprised me like most of the Wegmans brand foods I've purchased. The quality of Wegmans brands is amazing. They taste as good as the big national brands.
Bought this bag as a convenience as we were having guests over for dinner. After fussing with the “easy open” for 3 minutes, decided to see if my husband could do it. Nope he couldn’t either so I just tore it open and put a clip on it. Once we finally opened it, I saw that there were several green beans not trimmed. Very disappointed. So I guess out of 3 advertisements for this product (trimmed, cleaned and easy to open/resealable) we at least got one of them (cleaned hopefully). Please fix the seal and trim the green beans better then we’ll buy this product again.
After several minutes examining the bag , I finally spotted the Arc-Shaped Perforations above the middle of the Red Line  and pressed on a few of the perforations as saw the plastic part. Then I carefully inserted a dull metal blade into the Flap to separate all of the perforations and Whoa-La, it opened.....
Bought a few days before Thanksgiving for the holiday dinner.   Discovered that there were stems (which could be dealt with),  but also many rotten parts.   Many of the beans had rotten ends.   Many were just rotten.    Not fresh by any means.  Stored at Wegman's under bad conditions for way too long.
Bought these to use for Thanksgiving dinner. My wife thought it would save time if we bought “trimmed, ready to eat” green beans. On opening the bag we found LOTS of stems — not just on the end of the beans but even an entire 4” stem with beans still connected to it! I’d say that definitely can’t be considered as “ready to eat”. We ended up spending just as much time trimming the stems off these as we would have if we have bought the ones that aren’t “ready to eat”. The difference between the two? We paid a lot more for a job that was supposed to be done at the factory and which we ended up having to do on Thanksgiving morning.
Convenient that they’re prewashed and mostly stemmed, but still can’t figure out that ziplock thing
The new "easy open package" is anything but.  Pretty much impossible to open other than simply cut off the top.  And the beans were terrible.  If I had not needed to pick out the edible ones for dinner guests the evening I bought them, I would have returned them.  I could cull out about half of them that were usable for dinner.  And they were tough; seriously over-ripe/over-grown.  Oh . . . and the ones that were edible included many that had not been stemmed.  What a waste!
only a few stems spotted, easy to snap off, very tasty!
Beans were good quality and tasted good. However, about 1/3 of them still have the stems attached. Didn’t think I had to be snapping beans out of the “trimmed” green bean bag.
We love us some green beans
We bought these for a sauté dish, but while prepping they tasted so good we just ate them raw!
Nice especially because we can’t garden and we’ve been missing those tastes. 
Our produce experience with Wegmans has been great for the several years we’ve been buying there.
I’ve bought these 3 times in the past couple months and have been very happy with them.  I’ve seen a couple reviews mentioning decay, I’ve never seen that, although the package I bought last week did have some beans with darkened spots.  But they were still fine.  The only other negative is that each bag has a few beans with a bit of the stem left on, but that is easily seen and removed.  The beans are the size I’d pick if I was getting them from bulk, no old beans.  I’ll continue to buy this for the overall quality and convenience.
For years these were my go to cleaned and cut green beans when I was in a pinch for time. The last four times I purchased these as others mentioned the beans had a weird coating and the ends were rotten. All were used before expiration. In some bags they looked ok until but then I noticed while cooking the color changed. It seems the quality of Wegmans prepackaged vegetables are going downhill since I’ve had issues with other items as well.
Enter Comment Body
I was surprised to see so many unfavorable reviews for these green beans, I have bought them time and time again with no issues EVER. I have never experienced an unusual coating. They keep incredibly well and have always stayed fresh well past the "best by" date. These are an A in my book and I will most definitely continue to purchase these green beans!
I have bought this product for many years. Needless to say over the past months this product is not delivering. Purchased on Thursday and made Saturday, rotten on many ends
This used to be fresh, but my last couple of purchases in the past 2 months have been rotten. There's a weird sticky waxy coating on them as soon as I open it (and it's way before the expiration date). Will not be buying these again.
We purchased these a few times and they always had a weird waxy sticky coating on them. The only ingredient is supposed to be the vegetable so why is this mystery substance on them?
Excellant flavour and lasts well refrigerated approximately 1 week. Our family loves them and highly recommend!!
I don't have a big family but this broccoli florets is a great deal for me that love broccoli. I eat broccoli nearly everyday and having a precut broccoli ready is really convenient plus at a good price.
I used to buy this and it was usually OK, but the last few times I tried to buy it, all the bags looked like most of the broccoli was rotten. It is a great deal, especially with a coupon, but not if you have to throw most of it away.
This broccoli is a great value. Yes, you may find a piece that needs trimming, but for the price, I’m not going to fuss. I use the entire thing over the course of a week or so (large family) and go back for more!
My entire bag had black spots on the florets. The Item was used the same day purchased and the expiration date was still good. I was maybe able to use a 1/4 of the bag. The rest was trashed since I saw no point in trying to cut off the spots when so many were covered. I normally cut my broccoli but I had a coupon and decided to try it out. Never will I purchase this again.
Very convenient for food prepping or large families. Sometimes there's some brown spots, but just cut those off and you're fine.
This broccoli is priced great...same price as a similar product at Costco but I pick it up at Wegmans depending on my shopping needs. Sometimes the bag is fine, sometimes the bag stinks something fierce when the broccoli is cooked. Sometimes there are large leaves in the bag and once there was an entire uncut head of broccoli. I buy this for the convenience but the fresh heads of broccoli are more consistent.
Such perfectly cut and plentiful florets make meal planning a snap.
I love this product. Perfect size florets. Major time saver for any building their own monster size veggie tray.
This is a great price for a huge amount of broccoli. I did get a smelly bag once. I think Wegmans needs to make sure this isn't transported at too high of a temperature. I have purchased bags since then and they have been fine. Overall, this is a good product.
I bought this family pack 3 times now and every time it was great. Its a great value and I usually put half in the freezer because I don't use it all right away.
Convenient
Priced right
Fresh
PERFECT!!!
Packaging is wonderfully convenient for my snacking needs. We opened the bag next day and it smelt horrible. Threw it out. Buying loose broccoli this week.
Very spicy
It’s way too smooth and adding pico de Gallo makes it mushy. It’s also too unbalanced with the spice level.
Perfect!      Best around....❤️
I have never eaten spicy guacamole. Please tone this down. See all the reviews and make us happy please. :)
Just delicious.  I agree with others who think it is very hot.  I happen to like that, but it will be a surprise for a lot of shoppers.
I enjoy a little spice but this is way over the top.  You should at least label it as spicy so customers have a little warning.  Now I feel like I've wasted money on guacamole I can't tolerate more than 2 little bites of.  You can do better Wegmans!!
I have no problem with a bit of kick in guac, but in this it's all you can taste. I can't taste onion, cilantro, lime... It really just tastes like spicy avocado.
I wanted to like this but it absolutely should be labeled as spicy or something. A little warning would have been nice. I feel like my mouth was accosted by a stack of ill meaning peppers and no other flavors were invited to the party. I can't begin to tell you my excitement about what the repercussions of eating this will be tomorrow. If you don't relabel it, perhaps you should consider an on-pack offering of your private label antacid as a promotion.
This is delicious, but not the same as it used to be. Please, please make it less spicy!
Hopping on the bandwagon with others who also said that it’s good quality but too spicy. Really spicy! Wegmans should absolutely label it that it’s spicy or at least make different heat levels. Wish I could love this and feed it to my kids but alas. :/
This guac is sooo good but it needs to be labeled that it is spicy. There are large chunks of jalapeños in it. Just beware if you are serving it to kiddos or people who don’t like spicy food.
This is the best guac my husband and I have ever had and we lived in Austin TX for 5 years!  This does not last in our house long because I have a bad habit of eating it as is it on top of anything!  Salad, grilled chicken, shrimp tacos, etc!  I don’t know why people are saying it’s so spicy, but honestly read your labels people ... I always do to check for allergens, etc.   not a fan of the Wegmans homemade corn chips as they are a little greasy for me, we prefer the Wegmans organic blue corn chips as a healthier more flavorful option.  For gluten free, dairy free people like me, this is an awesome guac!  Thanks Weggies!
Great, spicy guacamole.
Actually like the freshness. Too bad it is too sour and spicy
I usually make my own guacamole, but now I always have to pick this up whenever I stop by Wegmans.  It’s the best!
Taste is good but the container my son purchased was half processed, not very well mashed or chopped. Huge pieces of avocado and onions so it definitely wasn’t smooth.
Have bought this guac multiple times - it is fresh, avocados used are at just the right ripeness level, you can taste the lime and a hint of pepper. Ya, this guac gets consumed very fast at our house
Fantastic guacamole with lots of flavor!
I purchased this for my kids who love guacamole. I had no idea it was so spicy. We buy other brands all the time and have never had this awful surprise. PLEASE LABEL THIS PRODUCT!!
Number one
Great perfect spice
I completely agree with the other reviewers who said they couldn’t get past the heat level. Way too hot, especially since it wasn’t labeled as such.

I really hope Wegmans will come out with a milder recipe of this - I would definitely buy it!
Guacamole is great, but many don't read the labels. it has Jalapeno, and pico De Gallo (a spicy salsa) added in as well. It does have a 'kick' to it. I liked it . if you don't like as spicy, get the chunky, its milder.
This guacamole has great flavor once I got past the intense heat. I thought I overlooked a label  indicating this was a  very Spicy guacamole. I have purchased many different brands and their packaging is always labeled correctly if spicy. I made the mistake of not checking the ingredients when I purchased Wegmans guacamole. It wasn't until I read the ingredients that I discovered that jalapenos were added, hence the spiciness. Thankfully my dad loves spicy food so I didn't have to throw it out. I feel that a "spicy" label should be placed on the packaging so the consumer is aware!!
Love that you finally have smaller containers.  I always ended up throwing some away before.  Now you can get one under 5 dollars.
This is a really spicy guacamole, but nothing on the package indicates that it is spicy so if you’re looking for a mild guacamole you will be really disappointed.
Just okay. Was too smooth for my liking. I wish it was chunkier and wish it had some more spice but otherwise was decent. It is overpriced for what it is worth but I used a coupon.
Way too spicy please offer a milder version
Love how spicy this is!
I bought this after trying the rustic version (which I loved) to save a little money but it’s just too hot for me to eat. I usually go for medium salsa so that will give you a benchmark. I guess I’ll go back to the rustic. This one is going in the trash.
If you like jalapeno-hot guacamole then this guac is for you.  I wish it was labeled as such.  Other than that it's a good guacamole.  Please consider making a mild version (no jalapeno!).
This almost borders on too much onion and garlic. I found the heat level to be very tolerable. Reminds me of the guac from Salsaritas.
It seems that each time I purchase them the heat level is different.  This last batch was overly spicy that I couldn’t eat it.  You need to have a consistent heat level from batch to batch. Not sure I’ll chance buying it again.
The varying reviews here are at least partially due to the fact that people are reviewing 2 DIFFERENT guacamoles under this heading.  I discovered that Wegmans makes 2 different fresh guacs, packaged identically in small square containers.  One is their "Taste of Mexico" chunky "rustic" guac, which is a flat $6.49 for 12 oz.  It's very good, chunky, and quite mild. It also has a short ingredient list. The other is this one, which is smooth and apparently quite spicy per other reviewers, and varies in price based on the weight of the package.  I picked it up by accident yesterday when I was looking for the chunky mild guac, but luckily discovered my mistake.  Look at the ingredient list to be sure which one you're buying - a long list  means it's this guacamole, and a short list means it's the mild rustic (chunky) guacamole.
I absolutely love guacamole and have had it many places and served different ways. However, I have never had any like this. It was so incredibly spicy that my nose is now running badly and my mouth is on fire. It is also much more pureed than I would have preferred. I like it to be chunky. I could deal with the texture but all you taste is incredible spice and heat. Some people will love that but I definitely do not!
Way too much lime. I get that you need citrus to keep the guacamole from browning, but it was so overpowering, in every bite, even after stirring. The jalepeno was a tad too strong, but I got over it due to the inescapable lime juice. The fact that it cost me over $6.00 for a small container got me even more upset!
I know a good guacamole from a so-so one and this is one of the best tasting guacamoles I've ever tried. I have several recipes for making guacamole myself and had actually never purchased storemade guac. But recently I was pressed for time when a slew of relatives descended on me for a getaway weekend. The onslaught included several perpetually hungry teenagers, so I stocked up on chips, salsa and... Wegmans house-made guacamole. I was instantly impressed by the sizable chunks of fresh avocado and the barest hint of heat. I didn't find the lime flavor overpowering at all. My guests loved it, and so did I. Although I was disappointed that the container did not provide nutritional values, and even more disappointed when the website didn't, either, a quick call to Wegmans Corporate Consumer Affairs department revealed that their housemade guacamole is 20 calories per tablespoon. Great stuff.
This guacamole is sooo delish! It had the right spiciness level and i was in heaven eating this. It was amazingly FRESH!! I want more! I do wonder how many calories I ate in this 0.68 lb container....
This is very good fresh guacamole. ..however the level of spiciness seems to change with every container you buy. You never know if you are going to get a great batch with a little kick or a killer spicy batch that knocks you on your... Since there is no label on the container stating whether it is mild, moderate or spicy you just take your chances. Just a warning before giving it to the kids. :)
This guacamole has too much lime. It overpowers the avocados. I keep trying it every so often to see if they've corrected it but I continue to be disappointed. It's cheaper to make it yourself but I think they take all the ripe avocados to make this and leave the hard green ones out for customers
I love this guacamole! I love the little bit of kick it has. I'd love it if you would offer a smaller portion (like under 8 oz, maybe), as well as the sizes you offer.
We like this guac, love the little bit of a kick. I wouldn't say it's as good as Chipotle's but is a decent substitute.
I absolutely love this guacamole! It is a little expensive, but too good not to buy! I would love to get the recipe to make it myself for parties etc...
I love guac and most of the food chains make awesome fresh in house prepared guac that ill splurge on. but this was really disappointing. guacamole is relatively simple (avocado,salt,lime,jalepeno,cilantro) to make and it seems like they've added a lot of extra ingredients to this. I don't mind the added tomatoes or spicy kick but overall the flavor is really off and not a traditional fresh guacamole taste. I hope they improve on this as it would be a staple buy if it was good.
I have never liked guac, but this is absolutely out of this world. I love the spicy kick! Thanks wegmans :)
I love this guacamole. Yum. I don't like spicy and this was perfect although my friend thought it has kick to it?
This tasty mix tastes so good and the lil spicy kick takes it over the top!! I love it on my veggies1 But I must admit I can eat it by the spoonful straight out of the container!! And it's OMEGA 3 rich!!!!
I’ve found a secret for keeping these greens a long time. Upon purchasing them I divide out greens into three containers which lets the greens fluff up and then I add paper towels. The paper absorbs the moisture and keeps greens from getting slimy. Great product for great price!
My first review on Wegmans.  I have bought this product 4 times in the last 3 months (coronavirus pandemic).  I have been shocked by how long this lasts my family of 3 adults. It lasts long past the use by date without becoming soggy and rotten.  Scanned the reviews and was surprised to see that hasn't been everyone else's experience in the past.  I am sticking with it until I have a bad experience..
Great price and variety of greens in packaging.  I have bought many times but the last few were bad with some rotten salad inside. I believe they pack it too full and that keeps moisture built up and quickly spoils the middle of the box. The last one was bad enoughI had to return for credit.  Which they did with my receipt present.
i don’t normally buy this product, but this was the only choice given our current situation with covid 19. I bought this item on the 14th and when I opened it two days later the lettuce was not edible. It was all wet and slimy. Very disappointing- I enjoy a good salad for lunch. Guess that isn’t happening this week
I posted several months ago how the organic spring mix was virtually compost right from first use. Wegmans responded with note saying they were working to improve the quality. We tried another 16 oz. Package this week and it was excellent. After eating it for five days it was better on the last day than it had been when first opened in previous purchases last year. We are crossing our fingers that the quality will continue to be excellent!
Very good for the most. I have ran into odds and ends in my bin like some dirt or grass. But much better quality compared to other brands.
I buy this regularly, and have never had an issue. It's always fresh and often lasts 2-3 days past the due date.
It is way too wet out of the container an is unedible in a couple days. It's hard to believe Wegmans keeps selling this almost compost and doesn't listen to customer feedback !!
I look for the best "Use By Date", however I always find that the salad is wet and gets a slimy feel to it after just a few days. I have even tried putting a couple of paper towels in with the salad box, to see if it absorbs some of the moisture.  I now go to a different store to  purchase the salad and some other organic produce.
As of the last few months, this salad is wet and gets a brown slime after 2 days.  I spun it,  flip it upside down,  but still does not last.
The salad as of late is way too wet. If is actually rotting before the expiration date despite spinning and rewrapping/washing at home. Very disappointed in the produce in general at Wegmans as of late. Quality is not what I expect. Everything that is packaged seems to be sitting in puddles of water.
I love this salad mix!
usually lasts quite a while key is to turn box upside down n rotate!!!
I have purchased probably a hundred of these packs of salad over the years. In the last year, the quality of this month has dropped like a rock in a ravine. If you don't find it in two or three days, you're getting rotted ick. Bring back the actual lids, please. This is nonsense.
I wish this were available still in conventional (non-organic) still.  I like this packaging over the bags.
I eat salads almost everyday.  This is one of the best salads that I buy.  It usually stays good for the whole week.  I do not have a probably with the new seal lid.
Love the new container with the seal lid. Always fresh and last me all week without going bad.
Nice mix but you better use it within the first few days that you buy it because I bought it several times and it always goes bad several days before the expiration date
I eat a lot of salad and used to buy this all the time.  But now that it comes without a lid, I am not going to buy it.  There are a lot of stores where you can buy salad.
We buy this product every week and have recently noticed the the quality is progressively getting worst.  Also, what's up with the new tops? The second you take them off you can no longer put them back on. Noticed this change about a couple weeks ago.
This was my go to in the past but recently I've been disappointed. Seems like the "filler" now are the heartier greens-mustard, kale beet etc..  it's fine if you like those but they are overpowering the more delicate greens--what I consider spring mix. Last several containers I've had to search for any romaine, red leaf and the more delicate greens. I realize these are mass produced but in the past the heartier greens didn't make up the majority of the mix. As others have stated, moisture is a problem and yes I sort and wrap in paper towels but the middle is usually a soggy mess. I also prefer the container where the lid stayed attached.
Unless you are going to use the entire container the same day or the remainder the next day its not worth buying.  The greens go bad vey fast.
The containers these come in have changed. The covers can no longer be easily re-attached once the container is opened! I have to store the Spring Mix and any other green leaf product that comes in these containers in another container of my own.  Am so disappointed! Wegman's organization must test these products before they are adopted for use. I love Wegman's for quality control but these containers are problematic!
This product does not last until the date marked. Once opened, will last only about 3 days. Too much to finish in three days, so will not purchase again. Too much waste.
This looks good at the store and normally it is.  The problem is that it rots very quickly.  Had this twice and if you can't finish it within a week it will rot.
this used to be good, it kept for a few days in the fridge. Now it contains more water and the leaves rot quickly. I tried blotting the water with paper towels as soon as I get it home, not good. I think they are starting to rot in the package at the store. Picking the rotten leaves  and washing doesn't work either - it imparts a rotten taste to the good leaves. A year or more ago this never happened.
I buy this all the time. If I see excessive moisture in the package at anytime, I take a small piece of paper towel and sop up the moisture and then close the package and give it a good shake to loosen the lettuce up from being densely packed down to allow leaves to breathe. Works for me.
Such a waste of food and money.
I used to love this stuff and it stayed fresh longer than the bagged romaine. This time when I opened the container it was already starting to rot in the center and after picking out the edible parts I gave up and just threw it away.
I am very picky about produce and I always go to wegmans for all my needs besides my local farmers market. I have been buying salad mix for awhile and the quality has been going down for awhile. Tonight, I opened a batch that I just bought this morning and the middle has rotten leaves! So disappointed.
This used to be my go-to lettuce for its convenience and freshness. For the past several months, however, I've been sorely disappointed. Even when I open the package, there are already rotting leaves, just as other reviewers have noted. (They tend to be the reddish ones.) The packages also all have water droplets inside. It's no fun having to sort through the mix to find the good leaves, and I usually end up throwing 1/3 away. I won't be buying this anymore. Wegmans, please fix this problem. Your reputation is better than this...
I agree with Anne and Liza. Used to be able to depend on this product being good. Now 80% of the time it's either rotting the day after it's opened, and yes I'm very careful about getting it into the crisper drawer quickly after purchasing it and when removing some from the container for a salad, or it's rotting in the middle of the container the day it's purchased, even if the use-by date is several days away and I chose the newest packages as they were being shelved. Other things I've noticed about them lately are 1) the contents are very wet like water was added to the container (harvested wet vegetation is going to rot quickly) and 2) many containers of the spring mix and other packaged organic greens are now sloppily packed with some of the contents sticking out of the sealed packaging and touching who knows what during shipping. All the packaged greens used to be dry when opened and lasted several days.
I used to love this lettuce - always fresh, great variety, great quality. I could buy it and it would keep until the expiration date, maybe one day longer. In the last few months, the quality has degraded substantially. I think they stand on it to force more into the box. There is a lot of bruised lettuce in the box as soon as I open it. I have to triple wash it at home to salvage the good leaves. The packaging has also changed multiple times in the last several months. The box used to be easy to open and the lid closed nicely. Now it varies between a box that the lid will not fit on and one that is a nuisance to open.

I'm going back to plain old head lettuces that I have to wash myself!
This has a great mixture of greens that are good for your health! I am so thankful to have a store like Wegmans where I can buy healthy products like this for an affordable price. I go thru about 3 of these a week. Blend it up with these berries (see link below), and you have a nutritious drink! A few years ago I started getting joint pain. I now eat these greens along with other veggies and fruits and the joint pain is gone. The joint pain stopped after a few weeks of changing my diet. Of course I cut out lots of bad food too (like processed food and fast food).

http://www.wegmans.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDisplay?langId=-1&storeId=10052&catalogId=10002&productId=760925
Too many rotten leaves mixed in. Packed too tight causing rot. Forces one to sort and wash the mix.
Love this. It's great with a light dressing.
I eat a LOT of this stuff and I love it!
This is by far my favorite salad mix. Since trying this I have not bought anything else. Thanks for keeping this at an affordable price for my family.
As a vegetarian, I buy this Club Pack 2 to 3 times a week. I am so excited to see that it made it on the WCLP Sumer List!!! I can't thank you enough!
Out of 3 tomatoes ordered, 2 of them were very bad! 
My fingers went right through them! How do I get a refund?
Excellent tomato and size
Not quite as flavorful as just picked from the garden, but close!
So fresh and yummy I can eat them by themselves.
Winter and early spring don't typically produce good tomatoes and these were great.
These are like 'garden fresh' as the saying goes. They're firm,unblemished, ripe but not over-ripe and tasty.
I’ve seen the quality in this product go downhill. I still have to cut brown stems off of pieces in the bag and some pieces get thrown away because they look spoiled. Step it up Wegmans!
Wilted, slimy in an unopened package less than 3 days after I got it home. Look for other options unless you plan to use the day of.
Does not last 2 days once you buy it even in good fridge. Expiry date is still 4 days away. 
Not once but tried many times. 
ALDI garden salad lasts much longer
Have purchased this product several times and never had a problem...but this bag, I weighed out 7 ounces yesterday (was saving some lettuce for a sandwich) and when I weighed the rest? There was only 6.3 ounces, including what I put back yesterday. I know times are tough and the price is cheap, but come on - that's pretty lousy. Quality still fine, quantity could use some oversight.
For the price its an mazing value - you can't find  the same basic mixed salad in stores for 3x the price.  I've ordered a number of times, had one batch go a bit brown, but it sat in my fridge for a while.
Little amount of leafy or green lettuce.  Nothing like a white watery salad (sarcasm).  It turned brown and slimy before expiration date. But it wasn’t healthy or appetizing looking anyway so it went straight into the compost.  Wegmans, stop skimping for profits please. I’d share a picture if I could.
Salad often goes bad before the expiration date. Lately it’s just been very soppy wet
I bought a bag on 2/13/20. Went to use it the next day and it was mostly brown. It was dated good until 2/18/20. Very disappointing. I had to throw it all out. Went to My store today and the same date is still there.
This is a good price  .99 a bag  but it turns brown and wilted even before the expiration date. I ended up having to throw most of it out. I think Wegmans can do a better job with this product.
First time I purchased it was pretty ok but lately they’ve all been sloppy. Wilted, overwashed lettuce. Has more of a watermelon texture, very wet. Not good for salad.
First bought this because it’s like the salad the kids get at school, and they actually eat it (peer pressure!). Seems to stay fresh a long time. I’m eating some today that we bought 10 days ago, and it’s still fine.
Had a bag dated the 6th and it was already brown on the 2nd, before the bag was even opened. Sometimes it’s great, but other times it goes bad prematurely. I’m not sure why.
This is my go to for a cheap easy lunch during the week
For the price, as a base to a salad, it's fantastic.
Not my first choice ... but it's what's affordable. Lots of  core pieces, but if you pick them out,  it works for the price. I would not pay more than .99 cents though.
... but it's $1 for a bag of salad. If I wanted something better, I'd probably go ahead and have the patience to pull apart a head of lettuce.
I find this to be a good salad starter ( or as is ) but keep in mind it's a bag of FRESH veggies and use by date is pretty accurate as far as when it will begin to go bad.
Unlike the other reviewers, I’ve never have a problem with this going bad.  After rinsing it, although it’s prewashed. I just make sure ALL the air is out of the freezer bag, I even wrap it in a paper towel to absorb any access water. Haven’t had any problems with it going bad.
Goes bad too fast.
It’s always pretty green and crisp. Tastes good and fresh. And the serving size on the packaging is right, about 5 servings.
It appears that Wegmans has gotten rid o the 2 lb bag of this and just has the 1 lb bag now. That is a shame, not just because the bigger bag was cheaper per ounce, but because it seems to have coincided with the return to putting way too many hard centers (that no one eats) into the bag. With a 2 lb bag, a few hard centers doesn't make as much of a difference. But in in these, it can mean half the bag you are throwing away. Regarding the other reviews about going ad quickly..I don't know what other brands they are buying, but Wegman's brands stay green way longer than any other brand I have ever bought, including ones that cost 3x as much for just 10 ounces. No salad will last past a few days. And none should be kept in the plastic bag. Take the salad out, pat it dry with a paper towel, and portion it out into flat tupperware and you will easily get three meals out of this. One the day you buy it, and then one more for the next two days.  I would often be able to get a full 6 meals out of the old 2 lb bags, eating one each day. So my only complaint is the hard centers. I don't like throwing away half a bag of anything.
I agree with other reviews on here. No matter what size I buy, this salad is usually watery and brown before the "use by" date. I contacted Wegmans about this a few times, and they sent me coupons. I did appreciate that, but they haven't done anything to remedy the issue.
I am a regular shopper & I keep buying the large bag for convenience but this is the last time.  We bought on a Friday with an advanced sell by date and the lettuce was so saturated with water - literally water logged a day later.  I know from the past to use it quickly and I do but this was unacceptable.   I love Wegmans but they need to change their packaging & process for this product!!
I don't usually leave comments, but this stuff was so awful, I had to.  Two days after buying (well within expiration date), both bags were drenched in water, which I didn't notice during purchase.  Contents were literally mush compacted into one-third of the bag.  Plan on returning tomorrow.  I only gave it 2 stars because it's not very expensive.
This bag of salad is huge for the money. Everyone who's complaining is either a hater or stupid. Wegman's brands are better than the others.
you buy this you better use same day, it wilts and turns brown within 24 hrs
I really like wegmans products usually but this is the lowest quality bagged salad I have ever bought. it often gets rusty before the use by date. after the bag is open you have to eat the salad within 24 hours. I didn't mind the quality when it was 99 cents but the price has gone up and I can buy higher quality bagged salad elsewhere that lasts longer. this is the first product I have reviewed since overall I am happy with wegmans and their products.
great on the first day but that's about it.
This really is not good....at all. You get what you pay for.
Sometimes, this salad mix is excellent.
However, oftentimes, it is wilted, even when
used long before the "best buy" date.
Item was mostly worth the value for a quick side dish at $0.99, but after raising the cost 30%. I think not.
Cheap Price, decent amount for it, decent quality
Tried it two times and both times I could squeeze the water out which made the whole bag very mushy.
Out of the last two packages of this I bought I got one edible salad. The first turned brown the day after I opened it. The second was brown when I opened it, the day after I boughtit. Both packages were at least 5 days from expiration.
Low cost, Taste good, Put in Tupperware to preserve after opening. Most bagged lettuce turns brown after opening. I would rather have it turn brown then have added preservatives.
...wilted, wet, and rusty. Barely lasts 2 days after opening, even after I've repackaged it in an attempt to stretch its life expectancy. I only like to buy it if I know that the entire package is going to be consumed immediately. Then, for $.99, it's fine. However, I would recommend they shave the carrots width wise instead of barely matchsticks so as to actually taste them.
This lettuce is the worst bagged lettuce I have ever purchased. Barely makes it 2 days and is almost wilted , brown and slimey. Do not waste your money!
Compared to the same salad product sold in other stores (sometimes that can happen), Wegmans version just doesn't last as long in the fridge. I would hazard a guess that the bag is a different type of plastic than the other brands. Often it starts going pink in a day or 2, and hardly ever makes it to the "use by" date. I've gotten to the point that I'll only buy it if I know I'll use it within a day. And often the "use by" date on the shelves is the next day so I'll skip it. Of all the hundreds of Wegmans products, this one is the only one I ever have a problem with. I wish they would find a new supplier. When it's fresh, it's great, but it just doesn't survive in its packaging.
I have had to return 3 bags of this to the store. They go bad before I even open them and way before the sell by date.
Lettuce wilts and turns brown quickly. Also get's slimey. Have had to throw out several times. Will not buy anymore.
I have bought this product twice and both times by the second day, the lettuce was soggy, wilted and wet. Had to be thrown out and will never buy again. I have purchased similar bagged salad mixes from name brands that have lasted for 4-5 days.
I don't like to do anything in the kitchen except eat. I particularly dislike doing anything with fresh produce: washing it, peeling it, cutting it up, cooking it, or anything else. Therefore I am always looking for products like this one.

To be really honest, I don't like green salads (or vegetables of any kind#, but I eat them because I feel like I must eat something that isn't primarily fat, protein and salt – the only things I really love eating. I can get through a salad if it's covered in a dressing I like, like blue cheese, but fancy lettuces don't appeal to me any more than iceberg does.

In fact, I like iceberg better, because it has a slight sweetness the fancier, greener lettuces lack, and it is crisper, less like eating leaves off a tree. The red cabbage in this salad adds a nice bit of tang to the lettuce, so it's not as bland as lettuce alone would be. I can see the carrot shreds, but as far as I can tell they add nothing except a little color. This salad mix is so easy to deal with and such a great bargain that it almost makes me happy to buy it.

I have been buying it for many years. I must have bought over a hundred pounds of it in both the one- and two-pound bags, and I have never gotten one that wasn't fresh and crisp. The only times I have seen any sign of deterioration have been the rare occasions when I've kept it past the use-by date, and even then it tastes fine even if it looks a little ragged. #But, as I said, I do not eat salads for the taste.)

I am a single person living alone, so I do not have a lot of people here consuming it fast. However, I do use it for salads – fairly large salads – not just taking out a few pieces each day to put on a sandwich, so when I buy a one-pound bag I never leave it opened overnight. Someone wanting lettuce for sandwiches might want to buy just lettuce, not a salad mix.

Although it seems not to be listed online, the same salad in a two-pound bag is a slightly better deal and has the advantage of a resealable bag. I press most of the air out after opening, and it stays fresh for at least three days.
I thought this was a great deal at only $1.29 until I opened it to use just a little to put on chicken wraps and a day later the lettuce was already getting that "pink" around the edges.
Too much moisture in the field mix which causes the greens to go bad especially the purple greens.
The greens are too wet, causing it to go bad quickly.  The top layer is ok but after the first salad, the leaves are damp, already getting slimey. I wish Wegmans would do a smaller bagged package that doesn't go bad before I can eat it.  I hate having to throw half of it out every time.
I was eating my salad and there was cardboard in it. I went out of my way to bring it back and the customer service lady Kerri was rude at best. Offered me nothing But attitude. I think I’ll shop elsewhere.
I used to always have this as a staple in my refrigerator.
It spoils in a day or 2. If your not going to consume it all the day you shop, don’t buy it . When I complained about this I was told to just bring it back, it’s too inconvenient to go back at meal time  when this is never an isolated incident.
Something changed in the last 2 months. Most of the greens i buy in these containers now spoil very quickly, have too much moisture on them, and from the moment the container is first opened, there are leaves that have to be picked out and discarded. So disappointed as I love these veggies!
The triple wash spring mix is not useable after a day or two. It is very wet and that caused many of the leaves to rot. This problem occurs well before the sell by date.
This was my go-to salad. But like other reviewers, I have to pick through the box removing all the rotten pieces way before the product should truly expire! I even called customer service and they graciously sent me a gift card, apologizing for this "isolated incident". Far from isolated! I would recommend drying the leaves before packaging and don't squish so many in a box.
I have purchased this several times now and have been disappointed each time. I carefully go through to find the container with the latest sell by date but cannot have this stuff remain fresh more than 2-3 days after getting it home. Half time time the greens are already starting to get slimy and rotten while they're on the shelf with 3 days left on their "best by" date. I love Wegman's for all its products but I find salad mixes from other stores including the price club are fresher and last longer.
The spring mix at this store has become so awful the past few months. Always slimy.
There has yet to be a purchase that has made it until the expiration date. I always look for the farthest date out, and consistently am left with salad gone bad well before it should.
Wash and eat while fresh and they are wonderful. (If they sit around and/or get refrigerated you may be disappointed)
The biggest pain is the failed expectations. Skip these. They taste worst than average.
I bought these because the extremely sweet Super Bomb tomatoes (black label) disappeared.   To say they were sub par would be gushing about them. No flavor mostly, sour when there was flavor. Wegmans!!  Find those Super Bomb tomatoes again!!!!
I used to buy these for snacking because they were so sweet and good. The last two times I’ve purchased them they had zero flavor.
Been buying these for years because they WERE quite tasty and sweet consistently. However in 2018 and now they are sub-par. I even wrote the company asking them to look into it as I suspect we were getting basic cherry tomatoes. It’s only slightly better now, so I suspect they changed their source supplier/farm.
I have been buying these for years. Always loved them, as they were crunchy, perfect as an addition to a salad or on their own as a snack. 
In recent months, I have been rather disappointed in these quite pricey tomatoes. They are either soft and taste old, and also the skin now is really tough on them. Initially I thought it was because it was winter time, but still have the same problem now through summer time. At this price I expect more
I buy these tomatoes at least 4-5 times a month. The last 2 times they tasted old and where quite soft!! Yuck
This is the 3rd time I've bought these tomatoes and they were moldy.
Pricey but delish.  Good enough to eat on its own.
Not only sweet and delicious, but they last as long as a week....
More expensive but great flavor. I don't use them in salads. I eat them right out of the package
I love Wegmans rotisserie chicken but was surprised to find an organ still inside when we served it. I’m no expert so I dont know what it was but know its not something I’ve seen before, especially inside an already fully cooked chicken.
Very good chicken, but quite small for the price.
We have purchased many Rotisserie chickens from your John Glenn Store with no problem.  Today, I purchase such from your RT. 31 Store.It was in its original bag then placed in a plastic bag then placed on a tarp in the rear of our Toyota.  At home, when I lifted the plastic bag all the grease, etc had spilled out of both bags.  What a mess to clean up.  Just thankful it was on a tarp and not the carpet.  Ref. 1/6/20 02:28PM 35 8 82 392770
When I purchase this chicken I usually re cook it by adding: fresh onions, garlic, green peppers, and a half of cup of water in which I pour the water on top of the chicken. I bake it for forty minutes and base it every ten minutes. My family loves it. I am just seeing that honey is used to make it and I am allergic to honey. But, I guess they use the honey for color.
Wegmans Plain Rotisserie Chicken is the Best roast chicken I have ever tasted. Tender, moist, perfectly cooked, not salty, no off flavors.
best price, great quality, can't go wrong
I typically buy two at a time. We use the breast meat for sandwiches and I pick most of the rest of the meat for casseroles or soup. I leave some meat on the carcasses and freeze them. When I have several saved up I make homemade chicken stock (Ina Garten's recipe is delicious and foolproof). I agree with another poster that they would taste even better without the added sugar/honey. Still, I prefer Wegman's chicken over Costco's as Costco's, although much bigger, are also much fattier.
I used to buy these when “plain” meant  plain. The honey is unnecessary. It doesn’t add anything  to the taste of the chicken except  an unpleasant sweetness.   Now  since people are more aware of products with added sugar this should be removed. Years ago, before the honey brine I was buying two a week. Very disappointed.
I typically purchase my rotisserie chickens at Sam's Club. I decided I wanted to try the rotisserie from Wegmans and I will never buy my rotisserie from Wegmans again. first of all the size of the chicken is about half of the rotisserie from Sam's club. Secondly is the taste, it did not have a good taste at all in fact the chicken tasted as if it was possibly old and not fresh. We didn't like the taste of it so we decided to throw it out and cook something else for our dinner.
I love Wegmans rotisserie chicken! (Lemon Pepper, too) It’s cathartic to peel and pick the chicken apart and use it throughout the week. I even bought one to have as my main dish for Thanksgiving because who wants to cook their own bird? Ha!

I only give 4 stars because I have been wanting for years to have the option to buy their rotisserie chicken already pulled and packaged for those times when I just don’t want to do it myself! But it really is a 5 star product.
Pair it with Kendall Jackson Chardonnay (sold in the Wegmans Wine Shop for $9.99) and you’ve got a great low-cost start of an economic meal.
This chicken doesn’t even come close to Costco’s in terms of size, price or flavor!
I used to love buying these, but tonight I could hardly eat half a piece.  I could smell a hint of vinegar and the meat tasted entirely too sweet.
Very tiny
I used to buy these chickens all the time and then I noticed that they started to taste sweeter and sweeter. I probably have not bought a chicken in over a year now, much to my regret. With all the publicity about how harmful sugar can be, I think it's time for Wegman's to remove the sugar out of the brine. I would love to start buying these chickens again, but they are too sweet. I am not talking about the BBQ chickens either...I'm referring to the plain chicken and also the lemon chicken. All have a very sweet taste and it takes away from the true  flavor of a real chicken!
Love these chickens! Great flavor, easy meals or quick soup. Better taste than other area supermarkets.
Good chicken, packaging was annoying.
I just told my daughter last night that  I only will get my rotisserie chicken from Wegmans. She agreed with me wholeheartedly. It’s freshness and taste surpasses any other competitors’ chicken. It’s breast meat is more than you get anywhere on a chicken too. Living alone I cut the chicken in half. The other half goes in the freezer. I made up my own recipe with the chicken breast. I take approximately 3 oz of chicken. I put in top of it Wegmans’ pasta sauce. To that I add shredded mozzarella cheese and warm it up in the microwave. From half a chicken I can get several meals.
Dislike bag packaging & chicken over cooked. Chicken was falling off the bone being over cooked. Chicken was also dry and lacking juice on packaging. Bought 2 chickens Tuesday, 10/09/2018, at 2 pm. Wegmans cooked chicken quality has gone down. Recently purchased 2 chickens from Boston Market. Boston Market chickens were much better cooked then Wegmans. They were not over cooked & they were not dry. They were pre cut into pieces, making them easy to eat or use to cook with. I think Wegmans can do better like they did in the past.
Love these for weeks when I am super busy and know I won’t have time to do any major cooking! Simple shred on top of some mixed greens, or roasted veggies and you’re good to go!
The chicken is delicious, not dried out and very flavorful. This is the perfect fast food meal at a great price.
Plain organic chicken very dry.  Not worth the price paid.
I was hesitant to purchase this after reading all the negative reviews but I'm glad that I took the chance. I found it very flavorful and tender. I will purchase again in the future.
I thought the chicken was bland, dry and small. It’s been getting worse and worse over the last year. Not going to buy again
I totally agree with Kathy in the previous review.  Bland and greasy.  No flavoring, not even salt, at all.  We've had the plain rotisserie chicken before and it was good.  Something was all wrong with this chicken.
Thought this would be a convenient way to finish a meal after a day of shopping.  However I had difficulty getting it down due to the immense amount of grease. It was also very bland with no flavor at all. Really disappointed.
I've had four or five of these over the past few weeks and they are excellent.  Bursting with flavor, easy to prepare (3 minutes in the microwave!) and less than $5.  For a single person who hates cooking, these are a steal and provide days of leftovers.  I don't detect the 'too-sweet' flavor so many people have complained of.  They taste flavorful, juicy and fantastic to me.  My only complaint is sometimes they're sold out by the time I get out of work! ;)
It used to be the best deal in market as a diabetic watching sugars can’t purchase this too much anymore so disappointed they keep putting hidden sugars in foods hope ripple are aware
Not a plain, but sweet.  Wegmans Plain Chicken, Honey Brined Rotisserie is a candied chicken. In fact, I almost picked up the barbecue instead. That variety would likely work well with the heavy hand on the "honey" brine.  A hint of sweetness is cool, but I sure was hoping for something more savory.  I think I'll probably pass next time.
What's with the bag? My guess is it's better for the environment but it makes the chicken less crispy and harder to work with. In the old packaging I used to be able to slice the chicken off the bone right in the plastic container it came in. Now I have to reach in, with my hands and grab the chicken body out and place it in a dish, which makes more dishes to clean. It's just not as convenient as it used to be. Also, this tends to leak everywhere because it's not always zip locked closed entirely. I very much dislike this change.
For the life of me, I can't figure out why this is only averaging three stars on the mobile app. The price is dirt cheap compared to my local grocery store's $7.99 rotisserie chicken and it tastes ten times better that that overpriced bird.
Had one of these over the weekend for the first time and it was fantastic.  I am on ketogenic/low carb-high fat diet and i always watch my carb intake, especially sugar.  The honey adds negligible sugar/carbs to the chicken itself.  Also, it does not taste 'sweet' like some on here (who probably haven't even tried it and are just turned off by the 'honey brined' part) believe. It has a nutrition facts panel on the bag and if people would take the time to read it they would see there is very, very little sugar in this chicken.  It is also not actual honey they use, it is powdered honey used for flavor - not with the intent of sweetening the chicken.  Trust me, staying in ketosis is difficult enough, I certainly wouldn't be eating it if it had significant amounts of sugar in it.  All in all it is great!    Glad I tried it, and would definitely buy it again.  Price is fantastic, too!
how about bringing a plain, non brined, roasted chicken back please?
This is the tastiest market chicken. I've had acme and super fresh. We all loved it.
Very flavorful and tender. Will buy again!! Great way to make bbq chicken pizza and chicken pot pie!
The rotisserie chicken is tasty but I am very conscious of items with honey. I only buy local honey because most honey 1) is from foreign counties, 2) has all the healthful pollens filtered out (to mask the country of origin), and 3) has been found to contain antibiotics banned in the US. Wegmans please remove "honey" from the rotisserie chickens.
I went to the Perinton store to check out the new improvements, it is great and can't wait until the Burger Bar is completed. I was buying ingredients for a Wegmans soup I love, and wanted to pick up a chicken to eat for dinner.
I've always felt that the price and quality were excellent on Wegman's chicken. But, I am very disappointed with the new "bagged" packaging. Chicken is hard to see, and felt like it was steamed in the plastic bag, the skin was not crispy. Meat was moist and tasty, but not impressed with the new package at all. Worst than that, the bag leaked juice into my grocery bag.
This is the only chicken that my entire family will eat and no one complains.
For many years, Wegmans rotisserie chicken was the juicy, flavorful, predictably perfect centerpiece of a meal, with a complimentary, subtle herb flavor added for good measure. Now, with the infusion of a brining solution, good flavor is missing and, really, all varieties taste alike. I choose not to purchase meat products from other stores when broth solution is added. If it is a question of economics, perhaps it is time to raise the price. I believe most faithful Wegmans' shoppers would pay more for the taste and quality they have come to expect.
Unfortunately, I'll be needing to go to other stores when I want rotisserie chicken now. Wegmans would be smart to go back to the regular chicken, especially since more people are watching their sugar intake and living low-carbohydrate lifestyles.

Very disappointed in the change. Plus, the honey taste is aggressive, and doesn't lend itself well to a variety of recipes like the original chicken did. It would be better to have a honey-brined chicken for those who like that, and regular chicken.
Sugar? Evaporated Cane syrup (sugar) and Honey? No thank you. Why, Wegmans, why, do you keep playing with your food? This was a regular tasty and nutritious purchase. Eat the chicken make a stock and have some delicious soup. Not with sugar in the broth. Aren't we supposed to be removing sugars from our diets? I certainly don't feel good about this.
Maybe I just got one from a bad batch, but I do not believe a chicken this young needs to be brined to be tender. And we certainly don't need additional sugar in the form of honey, or extra salt. I used to buy these chickens frequently. I would use the leftover frame for stock. Not anymore. Sweet chicken broth? I am much happier buying and roasting my own. The beautiful Wegman's roasters are only $.99 a pound.
The price was good but this was the worst rotisserie chicken I have ever had. It is completely lacking any flavor. We threw out the left overs as no one wanted to eat it.
This tastes like 'home roasted' - it's juicy, tasty and NOT TOO SALTY. There are 2 of us and it lasted 2 days plus. Good buy.
Good value for the money. Don't believe that you could make one for that little money. I like all the flavors (there are several). They are so very moist and delicious. Great for a quick meal or even for a not so quick meal. I buy one at every grocery trip and my family loves it.
Inexpensive and delicious! You can't go wrong with this chicken if you're on a budget and don't feel like making dinner.
Its good but goes bad very fast..
I used to buy this alot, it was our absolute favorite, but the bags were full then... The quality if the lettuce and the amount in the bag are very poor now. I am very disappointed because Now i have to search for a new go to lettuce to buy...
This is an absolute rip off. The bag was 1/4 full and all yellow. I used Instacart so I didn’t pick it out myself but the fact that the bag was 1/4 filled is awful. I wish I could post the picture of it.
I just bought a bag yesterday and it was a great looking bag. I went to use it a day later and it was slimy and all brown. It was disgusting and I had to throw it out. I hate wasting money on produce that I’m going to use within a few days. The best by date was Jan 18th a whole 10 days and it was rotten in 1 day. I have always loved Wegmans produce but not so much anymore. I’m extremely disappointed in all the produce. Apples and peppers are almost always bad too. Not worth the money cause I end up throwing it away. I’ll stick to the farmers markets from now on.
I agree that the quality of the lettuce has declined and that it doesn't last as long as it used to - opened or unopened.  Not worth the price anymore , esp since spring mix and romaine are 2/$3.
Bag now has fewer lettuce in it & pieces are brown. Not worth the price
This has always been my go to lettuce.  The quality recently has greatly diminished.   The leaves are frequently brown many days before the use by date when the bag has not even been opened.   There are also fewer and fewer quality leaves in the bag.  Too many hard parts and not enough “butter” lettuce.
I bought two bags on March 3 that had a use by date of March 10.  Within a couple of days, they were "rusty" and unappealing.  The bags of washed butter lettuce contain too many small pieces.  Not worth the price.
Really good and a lot of lettuce.
It's one of few ways I can get my kids to eat leafy greens.
Buying this salad is a bit like entering a lottery: Sometimes the contents is as pictured on the bag.  But more often a quarter or more is middle pieces and stem pieces that are essentially inedible. (Sorry to say, but when it comes to bagged butter lettuce, Trader Joe's is much better.)
alough the product is good if find the lettuce to be rusty a day or so after I bring it home even though the expiration date is still good. I also found that the c ompany that bags for wegmans uses a lot of the middle pieces where there are alot of middle pieces. Not the beautiful outer pieces that Butter Lettuce is known for.
Always have to inspect the lettuce for bugs and other insects. Never consistent, sticking with iceberg lettuce from now on.
I will be returning this item. Only choice on the floor was these organic ones and I opened only to find small flies and eggs, and larvae. Yuck!
Sometimes they are great and green, other times they are bland and white.
The first two times we tried this lettuce, we found it fresh, crisp and delicious with no browning. The third time we bought it there was some brown noticed, but we figured it was just on the outside. The other packages looked the same. We opened it the next day to eat it, six days before its labeled date. It was brown throughout, mainly in the stalk cores and ribs. It was bitter to eat and was thrown in the compost. It appears as though it was frozen at some point. Too bad - such a waste. It was so good the first times and seemed like a keeper.

Be forewarned, if you see any brown on the ribs, don't buy it.
Good lettuce
Ready to use.  Perfect for nibbling or to use in a salad.
The back I got recently was so delicious so tasty can't say it's like that every time but I guess I got a nice fresh batch
Nuf said
I’m a tomato ‘addict’. So I know my tomatoes. These are the best tasting cherry tomatoes I’ve tasted in a long time. I eat them like candy. I shop at Wegman’s specifically for these delicious morsels.
The flavor is out of this world. I eat them like fruits.
I tried these a couple years ago and am no longer happy with any other tomatoes since that day. These tomatoes won every flavor award the year they were harvested. Thank you Wegmans family for branding and bringing them to your stores. These is the ONLY tomatoes for my family!
Who needs fruit when there are those? Those are hands down, THE BEST tasting tomatoes you have ever had. Even the smell is amazing. Very sweet, very firm, just delicious.
The only tomatoes I’ll buy
Best produce anywhere. Wish you were closer to East Brunswick or Monroe
We eat then as a snack.
These are so amazing! Even for early spring the flavor is sweet, firm, juicy! Great buy!
I wish these came in a larger container!  They're amazingly sweet!
These tomatoes are soo delicious! Cut them in half and  drizzle or spray with light oil and add a pinch of salt and pepper.  I could eat these little gems for days. I need these in larger quantities!
Love these tomatoes! Highly recommend!
Flavor bomb is very accurate! This is hands down the sweetest tastiest tomato! Definitely recommend!
We love these baked, but I have also mashed them and used them in stews.
These are individual potatoes and always pretty decent quality.  They aren't sold in any pack.
Bought first-time russet potatoes pack and within a week 2 potatoes got rotten (white powder appear on the outside surface), had to throw away packet.
Whether frying, baking or mashing, this is the potato most recommended byFfood Network and others.
Parts go bad before I even open it every time. Have to pick through the salad mix. Not buying anymore. Waste of money.
Ordered spring mix.  Got a bag of rotting veg.
I used to get this all the time. They switched packaging or something because now it goes bad in a day. .
Since you changed the packaging, the spring mix goes bad well before the expiration date.  I just opened two packages and both were bad, this is the third and final time...I will not buy again.
The quality of these greens is really hit or miss, and unfortunately, they’re usually a miss.
I love this mix. I have never had a problem with it spoiling even after it being in my fridge for a week.
My salad contained a grasshopper. I took a picture and wish I could share  - this is unbelievable
It looked good in the bag, and we opened it the day after buying it - three days before the "Best By" date. We couldn't use it after opening though - it smelled rancid. Watch out!
Same as everyone else has said...
I love this mix! The flavor and combination of greens is delicious- however, as many have said, it goes bad within a couple of days. I have found the triple washed organic mix in the plastic container lasts much longer, but it is also triple the price.
I love the greens combination in this mix, but will not buy again as the "best by" date is not a good guage and it spoils too quickly..
The quality on the first day is very good, but it goes downhill very quickly after opening.
Some of the greens were wilted and slimy one day after purchase.
Recently bought a bag on Sunday and it was bad by Tuesday. This is unacceptable. We have not had a bag last till the best by date.
NOT WORTH THE $- goes BAD VERY FAST
I've tried other brands, but this one beats them all. It has the best flavor and crunch, and it stays fresh for at least week, no matter what the expiration date is. Try it with Marie's Caesar Dressing and add anchovies, hard boiled eggs, avocado, and grilled salmon for a great low carb lunch.
For months, I have had experiences where I purchase Wegmans bagged salad and they are wilted/brown/slimy/no longer acceptable to eat only 1-2 days after purchasing. I have not experienced this problem with the same severity with other grocery store brand bagged salads. It's very disappointing as Wegmans' brand usually Haaa excellent quality products.
I bought this on a Friday and opened it on Sunday. There was already slimy bits in the bag. Despite closing it and tossing in a paper towel, it got even slimier by the next day. I've had this problem with other bagged lettuces from Wegmans so it's probably better just to buy the hearts of romaine and just cut it up yourself, the bagged salads always seem to go bad in a blink of an eye.
Easily lasts a week if you close the bag, duh
No matter what the "use by" date is unless you eat the whole bag the day you open it (and buy it) it will go bad. Walmart's a much better bargain at $1.97 and its crisp and doesn't turn brown/slimy immediately.
Makes havinga quick salad so easy!
We used to love the Wegmans Romaine salads, but in the last few month the quality has really gone downhill. Too many time we've had to throw away the bags because of slimy or brown lettuce.
Found a long blond hair in the salad. I have dark hair. Very disconcerting. Freshness date Oct 11th. Used on Oct 8th. Some leaves slimy and had to be discarded. Then I found the hair and had to toss entire bag. Have had to throw away too many Wegmans salads. Will never purchase again.
Your asparagus was delicious and so much better than the skinny stalks at just about every other store I've been to. It was fat and fresh and came out just right!
I consider this a "staple" from the vegetable department. It is mild, tender and easy to cook. I have found it delicious steamed and served with butter or roasted with cheese as seen in the Winter Menu magazine.
They are sweet not bitter. They are tasty and very affordable! They are a very good source of vitamin A.
These baby carrots have a sweetness to their flavor. I can't stand bitter carrots. They are a regular item on our grocery list!
I personally think these carrots taste fine, but hey, everyone's taste buds are different.
I regret buying these tasteless carrots
I freeze these in 1 cup sized portions and they are perfect for tossing into a stir-fry, a quick veggie to add to a curry, or sprinkled on my salads. Super versatile and the price is great.
I add them to our salads all the time. So muh easier then trying to cut myself. Also good for adding into a tuna salad. Just chop a little and voila
I throw these into salads to add some crunch and sweetness. They are organic and the price is perfect.
They usually have a variety of large and small jalapeños which is great but it can sometimes be difficult to judge how hot each one will be. We always get a couple extra just in case we get a dud (I think it's just the nature of jalapeños maybe?).

Sometimes I like to toss them with a teeny bit of salt and oil and lightly roast them to add some spiciness to a couple recipes.
Just need a couple for some great guacamole or to spice up any Mexican dish. Good quality peppers with real, fresh flavor
